unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Munich 1856: Four maps that will change your view of the city
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A mental asylum, where today young people are said to meet.
neutral	tunnels	A crypt chapel, where they are now digging tunnels for the S-Bahn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Allotment holders cultivate the soil of former farmers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The oldest official map of Munich brings captivating stories to light.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is annoying when geographical maps are not up-to-date.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Anyone who has ever got worked up because the car's sat-nav is showing a green field instead of a bypass knows that.
neutral	The historical maps	The historical maps of the digital BayernAtlas, an offering from the State Government's Geoportal Bayern, are anything but up-to-date – and yet it is precisely for this reason that they are so informative.
neutral	maps	Especially when one compares them with current online maps.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then it becomes clear how the towns and municipalities in the distribution area of Munich's Merkur newspaper have changed since the 19th century.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The digital BayernAtlas is a patchwork quilt that one doesn't quite recognise for what it is at first.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Within the large overview map, were worked in detailed maps for towns and municipalities, so-called original-lay-of-the-land sheets.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to information from the Bavarian Surveying and Mapping Authority, these came into being between 1810 and 1864 and arise out of the first survey of Bavaria.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their commissioner: Napoleon.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The French army commander had occupied Bavaria since the spring in 1800, during the War of the Second Coalition with Austria.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Napoleon wanted to gain an overview of the occupied land and commissioned a topographical survey – naturally for military purposes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even if the French troops finally retreated with the Treaty of Lunéville from 9th February 1801: it was the current neighbours who had the idea to create a comprehensive map of Bavaria.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Elector Max IV. Joseph propelled the project further forward, founding the "Topographical Bureau" – and with that, the Bavarian Surveying and Mapping Authority.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The original lay-of-the-land sheet for Munich originates from 1856 and, like all the others, can be found on the website of the Bavarian State Library.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The comparison of past/present is most impressive taking the example of the state capital.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city has stretched out in all directions and coalesced.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An example of this is Untersendling, which still appears relatively isolated on the map from 1856.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sendling was incorporated as an urban district of Munich 21 years after the map was created.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Today, Untersendling lies in the middle of the city.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Around 1856, Untersendling's houses are concentrated along what is today Plinganserstraße, which was first named in 1878 after Georg Sebastian Plinganser, a ringleader of the Bavarian farmers' revolt against Austria in 1705.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Where the West Park is today, one sees nothing but field – at first sight: upon zooming in, a more detailed small-scale map with dozens of lines and numbers appears: hand-numbered plots from the so-called "original record", from which the property tax was derived.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Today, it is no longer farmers who occupy small parcels there – rather, it is allotment holders of the "Land in Sonne" facility.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A large green area is apparent to the north of Untersendling.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Theresienwiese, since 1810 the scene of Oktoberfest, was in the 19th century still actually a "Wiese" – a meadow – and not a concrete wasteland.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the other side of the Isar, the historical map gives an insight into the history of psychiatric medicine.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the original lay-of-the-land sheet, in the area where today the borough of Au-Haidhausen is, one can make out not only the street name "am Gasteig" or the elevation "Auf der Lüften" – but can actually read in large letters "mental asylum".
neutral	Auerfeldstraße	Yes, here on Auerfeldstraße, they once imprisoned people with delusions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Munich district mental asylum "Auf der Auer Lüften" had come to life there in 1858/59.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	From 1872, Dr. Bernhard von Gudden led the institution – the psychiatrist who is associated with the death of King Ludwig II.
male	time	"He was progressive for his time and ended, for example, the practice of chaining up the so-called mad men.
male	Hermann Wilhelm	What is more, he forbade the staff from using violence against the inmates," says Hermann Wilhelm, leader of the Haidhausen Museum, which has been busying itself for an exhibition with the establishment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Originally there was place for 280 patients; later this was expanded to 500 places.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At some point even this capacity was no longer enough – the reason why the district mental asylum in Haar was constructed in 1905.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Isar Amper Clinic, East Munich, has been located there since 2006, one of the largest psychiatric units in Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the plot of the former Auer institution, young people now meet in the Munich Salesianum.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The order acquired the building complex in 1920 and converted it into a youth centre with training programmes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To the west lies the football pitch of TSV München Ost, and to the east, residential houses from the 1980s.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2015, the "Casa Don Bosco" nursery was built – in the architectural style of the original mental asylum building, which had been destroyed in the Second World War in bomb attacks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Marienplatz was recorded as the "main square" in around 1856, and Kaufingerstraße was called "Kaufinger Gasse".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Second World War also brought a decisive change to the heart of Munich.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The bombs of the Allies tore many holes in the city centre in December 1944.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One big one remains up to this day – at the Marienhof.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The English Institute, small commercial premises and a crypt chapel from the Middle Ages once stood in the Marienhof, where these days, preparations for the second S-Bahn main line are underway, with first digging to follow on 5th April 2017.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	You can use the slider control to compare the old Munich map with the aerial view from today – and to fill in the hole at the Marienhof.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, effective through August 28th, 2017, calls for African American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling throughout the state given the series of questionable, race-based incidents occurring statewide recently, and noted therein," the group's statement reads.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.
neutral	The Kansas City Star	They're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod Chapel, told The Kansas City Star.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
male	Sanders	Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.
neutral	The advisory	"The advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
neutral	People	"People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pasture fence project is fundamental
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Fischerbach pasture fence project is a successful project and will be continued next year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Members of the Bundestag for the CDU Peter Weiß and Kordula Kovac got a first-hand view.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Representatives from the Fischerbach local CDU group met with mayor Thomas Schneider and the two representatives at Rechtgrabenhof farm, belonging to the Schwendemann family.
male	Markus Schwendemann	To start with, Markus Schwendemann gave insights into his business, in which he cultivates 55 hectares of pasture and 40 hectares of woodland, keeps 40 milk cows and just as many young stock, and accommodates five apartments of holiday makers.
male	Schwendemann	Schwendemann says that, for him, there is no alternative to the "Black Forest milk" marketing channel he uses for the milk from his cows.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only regional produce is served to the holiday-makers.
male	BLHV chairman	Since he is also BLHV chairman for Fischerbach, he described the pasture fence project as "fundamentally important".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I can't make a profit on that kind of steep-sloping ground.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Grassland areas make for a lot of work, a lot has to be done with the string trimmer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We have to grapple with the conditions and with the topography here," stressed Schwendemann.
male	his parents' business	In 2003, he took over his parents' business and he manages this without chemical crop protection and fertilisers, even if it's not an organic farm that he's running.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For Mayor Thomas Schneider, it was clear that "the community has recognised the importance of the pasture fence project and is happy to have the Leader funding".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The farmers need support to the tune of 3000 to 4000 euros per hectare.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One hopes that with that, afforestation of the area could then be drawn out for a long while.
neutral	agriculture	"The biggest asset that we have are the people who work in agriculture and who give thought to how to bring their businesses forward," stressed the mayor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The farmers are often the target of criticism thanks to the funding.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Using the pasture fence funding, a total of 25 plots from eleven participants were fenced off in 2013.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The areas kept open with these amount to 40 hectares, which may not be afforested until at least 2023.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Of the total costs, to the tune of 71,500 euros, half was funded via Leader, and a quarter was borne by the community of Fischerbach.
neutral	The farmers	The farmers were thus left with 12,610 euros, which they had to invest in the 16.2-kilometre pasture fence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The great advantage is the longevity of the fences," explained Schwendemann.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Kordula Kovac stressed: "You're doing a really good job. Without farmers we'd not be able to function."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Peter Weiß is also standing firm: "First-class foodstuffs are produced here."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Baden-Württemberg directive on countryside conservation (LPR) makes the government funding of pasture fences possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Its goal is to keep the Black Forest open.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A prerequisite is the existence of one of the funding scenarios as outlined by the LPR.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, the fenced-off area is not allowed to be farmable with a tractor (gradient of over 35 per cent) and must therefore be threatened with afforestation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the 2018 Fischerbach pasture fence project, an application is currently underway from eight participants with 24 plots who would like to build just shy of 16 kilometres of fence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The areas of land to be kept open equate to 35 hectares; the calculated costs amount to more than 112,000 euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is nothing sacred?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
neutral	The surest mark	The surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.
male	Stephen Miller	Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
male	A horde	A horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.
male	Emma Lazarus	But he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."
male	Miller	Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is about the contemporary resonance of Lazarus's startling words, the only ones in which a state has appeared to invite not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.
male	Miller	Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.
neutral	Lazarus	Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.
female	Lazarus	Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.
female	Exiles	And she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The great loudmouth Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that Liberty is not inviting anyone in, but is rather an early neocon, taking the American flame out to the benighted world: "Lady Liberty is stepping forward.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The torch is not to light the way to the United States."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.
neutral	their lives	It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	UK Athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Black believes "there's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.
neutral	the Scottish Institute	"I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And the guy on the corner street, too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Eilidh is slightly modest.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Her captain's speech was incredible," says Black.
neutral	A number	"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."
female	World Championships	The Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.
female	the team	Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.
female	The team captain	The team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.
female	The special thing	"The special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It just shows how far we've come.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As for my captain's speech?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yeah, I think it went well.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The father of our country knew something about bad press.
male	George Washington	Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He chafed at the criticism, sure.
male	his critics	But he did not silence his critics.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.
male	Hogan	Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.
male	the American Civil Liberties Union	And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it matters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
male	his state	He's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.
male	primary	He's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.
neutral	leaders	And they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
male	The pastor	The pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.
female	Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani	Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
female	The Post's news story	"I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.
neutral	that idea	"I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.
male	President Trump	President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.
female	The chair	The chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.
male	Gov. Matt Bevin	And in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (R) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This shouldn't be so hard.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.
male	The number	The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	People using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.
male	Commerce	Petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	But he did not silence them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And true leadership means accepting that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.
male	this game	He's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is a great showcase for this course."
male	Englishman Eales	Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a wonderful place to play golf in.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was a really special time and one we will always cherish."
male	the European Senior Tour	Making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.
male	Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open	This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm happy with how it's going so far."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fewer lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In past two decades, an ever decreasing number of people have died from lung cancer due to passive smoking.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is the conclusion drawn by scientists from the University Medical Centre Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) in a study.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"According to our estimations, 167 lung cancer deaths a year can be attributed to passive smoking," said study leader Heiko Becher.
male	this topic	For comparison, he referred to one of his own studies on this topic from 1994.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Back then, there were still 400 lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking every year in Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The new study is published in the "International Journal of Public Health".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Home connections prove to be very complex
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The building works in Villinger Straße are in full throw and "are more or less on schedule," according to the manager of the construction yard, Fred Heinze.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In terms of home connections, the situation is more complicated than expected, since lots of things are hidden in the substrate that were not noted in the plans.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The traffic, which always disrupts building works, poses a big problem for the Stumpp company construction crew.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The ignorance of car drivers around red lights and barriers is really huge," reports Heinze.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The street is closed off and only the public busses are allowed to drive through.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Angelo Caruso, Marvin Kostorz and Tim Kostorz from the Stumpp company have been engaged in the works on the bridges for weeks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The hot days were pretty exhausting, for sure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But luckily we were supplied with cold mineral water by our friend Fritz Matt," explained Marvin Kostorz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold
female	Bardina Degei	When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She rarely even uses a pot.
female	Enarotali	In her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.
female	Degei	Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
female	husband	As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Polygamy is common here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.
female	p.m.	"No one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is no public transport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There were other changes, too.
female	Degei	"We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it is also Indonesia's land of gold.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	These riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We Will Lose Everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Local people struggle to compete.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	"It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."
male	Jokowi	Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.
male	Jokowi	"Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.
neutral	The startled children	The startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.
neutral	Pastor Yavedt Tebai	One of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.
neutral	The soldiers	The soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
male	Yulianus Yeimo	One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.
neutral	the masses	As tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nobody was in the mood to listen.
male	TIME	"When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.
male	shots	"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
male	Alfius Youw	Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
male	his body	"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
neutral	his officers	The Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's a matter of life and death."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	News of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.
male	Jokowi	Three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.
male	the future	"I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.
male	Security Minister Wiranto	Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the excuses started almost immediately.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Most of the violations occurred a long time ago.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.
male	The point	The point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.
male	Wiranto	Then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.
male	law	Instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wiranto, who the U.N. has indicted for "crimes against humanity" relating to more than 1,000 deaths during East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said that 11 cases of human-rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I'm tired."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He says that years later, he still lives in fear.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	"I'm afraid," he says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
male	the bodies	"After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The shootings haven't stopped.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.
male	Ravianus Douw	The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells TIME.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I have been hiding in my house for two days."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some never reappear.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Poverty feeds the discontent.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Bread is just as out of reach.
neutral	People	People here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.
neutral	their own businesses	Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.
male	Indonesia	"There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	These same countries have historically backed the OPM.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Local people want more foreign governments to take note.
neutral	the meeting	When an official delegation from the Netherlands, headed by the nation's human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, local people broke their silence, beseeching, "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but who asked to stay anonymous.
neutral	Papuans	Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.
male	Jokowi	"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.
male	Paniai	Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.
male	justice	"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.
neutral	justice	Knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"A member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"What else could we do?"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
male	George	We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.
neutral	police	In the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No Davis Cup reform: Best-of-five continues
male	The president	The president of the International Tennis Federation has failed with his big Davis Cup coup in the general assembly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the meeting in Ho Chi Minh City, the (for this sport) revolutionary suggestion to from now on play the Davis Cup singles over only best-of-three sets received just shy – by a whisker – of the necessary two-thirds majority in support.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The admittedly often very long, but for that reason also greatly treasured, five-set classics are therefore surviving in the traditional competition.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	63.54 per cent of the member countries voted in favour of the reform; ITF president David Haggerty's objective was therefore only just missed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We respect the decision, but are disappointed that our member nations have not accepted the entire reform package for the Davis Cup and Fed Cup.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We need change in order to secure the long-term future of this iconic and historic competition," said Haggerty.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There will continue to be work done to improve the competition.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After many objections beforehand already, the suggestion to hold the final at a neutral location did not even make it to the vote.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	New from 2018 are only comparatively small details: so, in future, the finalists of the David Cup and Fed Cup will have the right to host in the first round the following year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In order to keep costs to a minimum for organisers, the requirements in matters of training courts etc. are being simplified and the players will not have to give so many official media appointments ahead of the Davis Cup.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	More than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.
neutral	firearms	Less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	More than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
neutral	People	People are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.
neutral	Tesla	Elon Musk doesn't care: Tens of thousands of Tesla customers cancel their orders
male	Elon Musk	Electronics-multi-talent Elon Musk likes to brag about the huge number of pre-orders for his new Tesla "Model 3".
neutral	the fact	Up until now, he has withheld the fact that a portion of these customers have already cancelled their non-binding reservations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Alongside the always triumphant figures for sales increases and the even more gigantic sales targets, with the announcement of the most recent quarterly financial statement, Tesla boss Elon Musk has for the first time had to reveal another, less glamorous number: that of the cancellations for the new mass-market Model 3.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In recent months, Musk had frequently used those more than 500,000 pre-orders to talk up the new car, for which distribution is just starting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Musk now concedes that of the 518,000 total pre-orders, 63,000 have already been retracted.
neutral	reservations	Critics had time and again pointed out that they were only non-binding reservations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In cases of cancellation, Tesla pays the 1000-euro (in the USA, 1000-US-dollar, and in Great Britain, 1000-pound) "reservation deposit" back in its entirety.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are currently 455,000 such non-binding reservations, conceded Musk in a conference call with analysts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, the Tesla boss does not believe that the cancellation of as of yet 12 per cent of all orders could become a problem.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His argument: The challenge for ambitious growth targets is not in demand but on the production side.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last year, Tesla delivered 84,000 vehicles.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2018 – all models taken together – it is said to be 500,000, and in 2020, a million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The demand is therefore clearly there.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to Musk, a further 1800 reservations arrive each day.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Anyone who orders a "Model 3" today is looking at delivery in the second half of 2018 at the earliest – that's if Tesla manages to get its brand-spanking new production lines going, as of yet never tested in practice, without any major interruptions and at maximum capacity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Many experts doubt whether that's possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Should there be major delays, however, the non-binding nature of the reservations could become a problem for Tesla.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the company cannot then prevent unsatisfied customers from running away in droves.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	EPA Chief Pruitt Backtracks on Delaying Obama-Era Rules to Reduce Emissions
male	Scott Pruitt	One day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
male	Pruitt	Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
male	Pruitt	Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."
male	President Donald Trump	Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
male	EPA	Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
male	Wednesday	In a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
male	Pruitt	"Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."
male	the EPA's statement	Still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.
neutral	New Yorkers	"The EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	New York was joined in the case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington, and the District of Columbia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Tumlingen is celebrating 750 years of the St. Hilarius Church
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	750 years of the St. Hilarius Church: To mark the anniversary of the mountain church, invitations are being issued to a serenade in the old cemetery grounds in Tumlingen on Sunday 16th July at 4.30pm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Due to its idyllic setting and beautiful view over the village, the historical site of St. Hilarius is a beloved place to tarry a while.
neutral	Visitors	Visitors to the sixth benefit serenade can let themselves be enchanted by this powerful place.
neutral	The Friends	The Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen have made the rescue and preservation of the oldest building in the area their concern.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Walter Martini stresses: "It is a one-of-a-kind rural jewel".
male	Master Eberhard von Horb	The St. Hilarius chapel was first mentioned in records in 1267 in the Württemberg register: Count Hermann von Sulz sold "the mountain with the parish church for Tumlingen on it, together with the Bailiwick" to Master Eberhard von Horb and his brother Dietrich for 20 silver marks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the text of the official document, aside from the former parish church, a lordly farm also stood on the Tumlingen mountain, which itself owned the church, or the right of patronage, and not the other way around.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	People therefore also lived there too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As is apparent from the upper administrative office for Freudenstadt's description in 1858, the "mountain" was, alongside the lower village and the upper village that can just about be made out still in the appearance of Tumlingen today, the village's third, grand centre of settlement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	All maps from the time of around 1600 substantiate this historical reality.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The right of patronage arose out of the Early Middle-Age proprietary church law.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A lord who built and furnished a church and staffed it with a priest still remained the owner of this church and was also able to bequeath this proprietary church right.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Associated with this was the right to appoint a priest or nominate a new priest to the bishop.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There were three altars in the church and two bells in the tower.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The larger of the two shattered at Christmas 1673.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The newly acquired bell then first chimed in 1692, but had to later be surrendered in the Second World War, in 1942.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	During the 30 Years War (1616 to 1648) the window panes were smashed in and the bell ropes stolen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The roof was leaky.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 1796, French troops made camp in the vicinity of the church.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They brought out the pulpit and the pews and used them as firewood.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The remains of the church threatened to collapse in 1809.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Up until 1869, the Hilarius cemetery in Tumlingen served as the last place of rest for Hörschweiler's dead.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 1823, the cemetery was expanded and the Hilarius church was demolished.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only the church tower was left standing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On new year's eve of 1834, a storm cleaved the church tower and half of it collapsed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In order to prevent an accident, the tower was pulled down.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only the dwarf tower that is still present today survived as witness of the church's 750-year-old history.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Today Horst Kallenberger and Rolf-Dieter Wasem from the "Industrious Pensioners" care for the Hilarius site, as successors of Dieter Dockhorn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As event organiser, the Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen are issuing invitations to the sixth serenade in the old cemetery to St. Hilarius Chapel, on Sunday 16th July.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is being arranged by the Kepler Gymnasium, Freudenstadt, combo, with speeches from Kurt Kübler and Reinhold Matteis.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Municipal administrator Hartmut Romann gave the closing words.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The programme starts at 4.30pm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last admission is at 3.30pm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The serenade will be rounded off with drinks in front of the cemetery.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Enjoy a summer's evening under the shadows of old trees and with a wide view over the meadows right up to forest," invite the organisers, emphasising the fantastic view.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The serenade will only take place in the case of dry weather.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The organisers are hoping for many backers in favour of preserving the historic St. Hilarius site, which is important to Tumlingen and to Hörschweiler.
neutral	Tumlingen	The Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen feel especially bound to take care of their local region, as serenade organiser Walter Martini reinforced.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Association wants to have wind turbine approval examined
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Boisheim wehrt sich", sees no legal basis for the construction and has therefore turned to the District Administrator.
male	District Administrator Andreas Coenen	The association "Boisheim wehrt sich" has called on District Administrator Andreas Coenen (CDU) to retract his approval for the construction of planned wind turbines in Boisheimer Nette.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They say it was unlawful.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The association argues that at the time the approval was given on 30th December 2016, no wind turbines could have been approved in Bosheimer Nette, since at that time only one wind energy concentration zone existed in Viersen, on the city boundary with Schwalmtal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Construction and operation of wind energy plants are in principle possible within this concentration zone, but at the same time, the concentration zone has an exclusion against the use of wind energy for the rest of the city area.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Such zones are said to prevent "asparagusisation" of the landscape.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city of Viersen had in fact passed a resolution for a second wind energy concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette a few days earlier, through an amendment to the local land-use plan – but the Düsseldorf regional government had not approved it due to a formal error.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Due to the lack of legal planning requirements, the approval decision that was issued is still unlawful, and should therefore be retracted as well," said Christoph Erkens, chairman of "Boisheim wehrt sich".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The current state of affairs: the city council once again passed a resolution for the wind concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette before the summer break; approval from the regional government is still pending.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Erkens: "Grant of approval for the construction of wind turbines on this site is therefore precluded by planning law."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The district confirms receipt of the call for action.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The relevant correspondence was received by the district of Viersen in the last week," declared a spokesperson.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The district is taking it as a reason to investigate the matter afresh.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, it is not expected to lead to a stop in proceedings.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With a view to the proceedings underway at the administrative court, the district did not want to comment on Thursday on the content of the arguments put forward by the association "Boisheim wehrt sich".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	NEW Re, a subsidiary of NEW, is planning construction of four wind turbines, each 200 metres high, on a plot by Bosheimer Nette.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The company, in which the city of Viersen holds indirect participating interests, had concluded lease agreements with the owner of the roughly 65-hectare site last year already.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The construction of the four wind turbines should cover the energy requirements of around 11,400 households – that equates to around a fifth of the energy requirements of all Viersen households.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	NEW Re wants to invest around 20 million euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last summer, Viersen city council gave the green light for the purchase of three wind turbines in the Linnich wind park near Aachen, as well as a share in a wind energy plant in Übachpalenberg in the district of Heinsberg.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Car and tractor crash together: woman dies in terrible accident
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A terrible accident occurred on Friday morning at around 10am on the L 333 between Niederwallmenach and Bogel (Rhein-Lahn district).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In it, a woman was fatally injured.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two other people were mildly injured.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The road remained closed for hours.
female	her 53-year old mother	According to police information, a 17-year-old woman from Bornich, practising accompanied driving in her car with her 53-year old mother, the accompanying driver, was using the L 333 in the direction of Bogel.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Town and dealers plan "hometown shopping" weekend
neutral	Bad Langensalzaer	Bad Langensalzaer and people from the region are to newly discover the shopping opportunities in their town centre in September.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trade association and town authorities want to use the weekend of the 8th and 9th September to entice residents to a shopping spree in the town centre.
neutral	the "home-town shopping" weekend	As chairman of the trade association Christian König announced, the "home-town shopping" weekend is meant to make customers aware of what offers their own town has available aside from the usual supermarket goods.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A market with local suppliers is thus planned, similar to the weekly market.
neutral	apprenticeship places	In addition, homegrown companies are to give showcases, with their apprenticeship places.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Furthermore, the businesses in the town centre are to invite people to come "midnight shopping".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The campaign is not only for residents of the town and the nearby region.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Adverts on the radio, an online video and printed bags that allude to the campaign weekend are in preparation, Christian König tells us.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Town authorities and the trade association are cooperating with the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trade association and the town are thus entering a further stage of the "attractive town centre" project.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To this belong new offerings such as the first "active day" for the fountain festival along with Sunday trading, talks with all the traders and proprietors to induce people to actively participate.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Attractive offers on the Saturday and waiving of parking fees on this day are also part of the concept.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, new and existing customer bases can be developed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This includes spa guests and tourists.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But many locals too had lost sight of the town centre for shopping.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ultimately, it all has to contribute to breathing life into the town centre – right up to landlords, businesses across the whole town and associations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We have to overcome the lethargy with a network that has partly built up, König had said in the spring.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Brigit Streich, head of the Chamber of Industry and Commerce centre in Mühlhausen communicated that five Thüringen towns are taking part in the nation's third "hometown shopping" day.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Alongside Bad Lagensalza, these are Weimar, Sömmerda, Heiligenstadt and Bleicherode.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The day is intended to "promote appreciation for local trade and emphasise more strongly its importance for the common good of our towns," said Streich.
neutral	The campaign	The campaign, under the leadership of the Chamber for Industry and Commerce and with many partners, also brings home that all citizens can themselves influence their immediate environment with their shopping behaviour.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two dead and several injured after explosion in US school
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	During construction works, there was a huge gas explosion in the school building.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Another nine people were wounded.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At a gas explosion in the US city of Minneapolis, two people have died and nine others have been injured, some of which seriously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to information from the fire department, one injured person was still in a critical condition on Wednesday (local time).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One person died as a part of the school building collapsed during the explosion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Someone initially classed as missing was later also recovered dead.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The dead were employees at the school.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Authorities suspected works on a gas pipe to be the cause of the accident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Being holiday time, only a few people were in the Minnehaha Academy building.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.
male	Enrique Pena Nieto	On 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
male	The US President	The US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."
male	Trump	Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
male	Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull	Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.
male	Obama	Mr Trump told Mr Turnbull a deal for the US to take on refugees headed for Australia was "ridiculous," "rotten" and "stupid," insisting the deal, brokered under the Obama administration, would make him look like "a dope" after he had proposed a ban on refugee resettlement in the US.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist Lynching as a Call for Justice
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A 1948 Ford Mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
male	The leader	The leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Inside, the occupants reeled in fear.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.
male	the car	"Get him out of the car!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since 2005, civil rights activists have returned to the Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom, and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No one has ever been charged with the murders.
neutral	the reenactment	"It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
male	justice	"We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But not one was ever prosecuted.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout town: politics and sex.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.
female	Hester	Brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
neutral	Moore	But, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"As it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Brooks put it more succinctly.
male	a voting rights massacre	"It was a voting rights massacre," he said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
female	the ugliness	"We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.
male	Klansman	He's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
neutral	Darrius Bradshaw	Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
male	Dorothy	The play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I said n---a, get off my property!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rascona fires back.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There's a beat.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Greene laughs the hardest.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"What?!," Rascona asked.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	He's alarmed, confused.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Did I go too hard?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"No," Greene said through chuckles.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You have to hit the hard 'R.'"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The scene begins again.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Absolutely no one laughs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The reenactment ends violently and quickly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There's screams, gunfire and then, silence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie Holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange Fruit."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Her voice breaks on every other word.
neutral	group	A hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The audience is almost evenly split between black and white.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.
neutral	the Malcoms	They've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.
neutral	the fake blood	Children crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.
male	Nick Rascona	Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's okay," one of the women whispers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We know that's not what's in your heart.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	You did this for a reason."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.
neutral	the reenactment	At one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.
female	Denise Duplinski	Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.
female	people	"It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
neutral	lynchings	"What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "they're just called police shootings now."
male	Tyrone Brooks	Across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.
male	The reenactment	"The reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.
neutral	their history	Those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Götterdämmerung" propitiates Wagnerians in Bayreuth
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the fourth part of Richard Wagner's monumental work, director Frank Castorf again focusses on a colourful and frivolous production, set against a giant, six-storey backdrop.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The revolving stage (designed by Aleksandar Denic) shows either a shabby street corner, complete with remains of the Wall and kebab shop in Berlin, a "Plaste und Elaste" logo from the DDR times, or the New York stock exchange.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In front is parked an open vintage Mercedes car, in which the Rhinemaidens pose like rocker girls, or alternatively, an Isetta.
male	Castorf	Stacked oil barrels are reminiscent of Castorf's leitmotif – gold, power and greed – that runs through his production of the "Ring".
neutral	Rhinemaidens	The three Rhinemaidens – sung by Stephanie Houtzeel, Wiebke Lehmkuhl and Alexandra Steiner – work wonderfully together, as they did already in "Rheingold".
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They saucily seduce Siegfried (Stefan Vinke), lug a body in the boot in Hollywood manner, and play the riotous clique.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Stephen Milling sings the part of the superbly nasty Hagen, who has the aura of a heavy-weight boxer.
male	The scene	The scene where he slays Siegfried is brutal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Later, Gunther (Markus Eiche) cops it too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The audience thanks the ensemble with mighty applause.
male	Foster	There is a rapturous reception for Foster, Milling, Vinke and conductor Janowski, who effaces himself and bows his hands, forming a Merkel diamond.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is huge applause for the Festival Orchestra, who appear on stage for the first time – in casual leisurewear in view of the high heat.
male	Frank Castorf	The performance from Frank Castorf and his directing team had been awaited with excitement.
male	boos	Even if in 2013 he had had to endure another hall full of shrill catcalls, five years later there were great cheers, which drowned out the isolated boos.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Festival head Katharina Wagner will likely have been delighted.
female	Ring	"Once can see that the audience has in some way grown into the "Ring"," she had said shortly before the performance from the dpa.
male	Castorf	The audience has not only made a kind of peace with Castorf, but on top of that, an understanding for his point of view has grown.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I see positive results.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Max Menge works as volunteer
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	During your voluntary service year, you're working at many locations simultaneously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What are all the different places?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: Normally in Steinfurt in the furniture exchange, and once a week I help out here in Greven in the Möbelbrücke.
neutral	activities	And I have also worked at the full-day school in their supplementary activities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What are your experiences of that?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: It is a nice, broad spectrum that I see here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I deal with different people: with adolescents, with refugees, with young adults.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	You are 26 years old now, so a volunteer with a late-calling.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How did that come about?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: I did my Abitur exams.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And then I successfully abandoned, shall we say, a civil engineering course of studies.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I recognised that it is not right for me and that I want to do something else, work with people.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And then I asked myself, what do you do?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Do a social year, you can get an insight, can see what it is really like on site, in the thick of things too perhaps.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And was it like that?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: I gathered great insights.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I will start my studies in social affairs in the winter semester.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I will study in dual, probably do an apprenticeship as a welfare worker at the Herne child protective services and study in Hamm at the university of applied sciences.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is it not somewhat unusual to have several different work locations during the voluntary service?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: Yes, it is very variable.
neutral	one	It always depends on where one is doing their voluntary service year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One can do it from at the old people's home right up to in youth work – in all possible facets of social work.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In my case, it was very varied.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I was also sometimes at the open full-day schools, that is, for the afternoon care.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For me that was exactly the right thing, the thing that got me fired up.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I was able to recognise and see my own strengths, as it was really happening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Differently from when doing the civil engineering studies?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: Yeah, sure; here it's not about working out statistics.
neutral	their minds	One always has other people at the front of their minds, people who all have totally different histories behind them.
neutral	a refugee	Whether it's a refugee or an adolescent who has been pulled out of their family – you always have to approach it individually.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Very interesting.
neutral	any fear	And they didn't have any fear of contact?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Menge: I'm not the kind of guy for that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is an area that gives one a lot.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A lot of love, a lot of friendliness.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are negative moments too sometimes, but that's just life.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.
neutral	Taliban	The Taliban said they had carried out that attack.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Municipal council wants common room
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the end, the decision was clear: with two dissenting votes, the municipal council of Fluorn-Winzeln passed a resolution for a common room in the future retirement home.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ahead of the debate, there is an important piece of information to be had: the purchase contract for the as yet still needed plot section has been signed, reports mayor Bernhard Tjaden.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Admittedly it will still be a while until the plot, which up until now has belonged to the church parish, comes into the possession of the municipality, but nevertheless, there are now no longer any planning obstacles for the project that has to be materialised by a private investor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is why there is a debate concerning a common room.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One of the two investors that are still on board has offered to accommodate the municipality.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For a special price, it would provide a living space – of around 55 square metres – and an adjacent terrace with no less than 70 square metres on the ground floor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What the management and the majority of the municipal council have in mind is not simply to set aside such a common room as a meeting place only for the residents of the senior citizens' accommodation, but for it to be open to the community.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Talk of a "knitting café" was making the rounds, for example.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The decision, which was already pre-determined last Autumn through the allocation of resources for the current budget, is sweetened by funding opportunities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The building is in an area for redevelopment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The construction of a common room would be eligible for financial support, reports Tjaden, with 60 per cent of 30 per cent.
neutral	the building	So as to signal to the investor that no-one wants to put a spoke in their wheel, the proposed resolution makes allowances for the determination that both a saddled roof – based on the surrounding buildings – and a mono-pitch roof – which reduces the height of the eaves and makes the building more economical – would be possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An uneccessary addition, thinks not only Wilfried Sohmer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If it helps: it passes through the committee unanimously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's not so easy with the common room.
female	the common room	Daniela Ruf points to their many owned buildings that are not really being forged ahead, but instead they are going out of their way with the common room: "I have difficulty with that," she says.
female	Yvonne Staiger	Yvonne Staiger declares herself to be unequivocally in favour of the common room – but absolutely against an investment from the municipality.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She views that as a hidden subsidy to already wealthy, or even foreign, investors.
neutral	the plot	That is simply not true according to the counterargument, for by purchasing the plot they are not giving away any grants, but are rather getting a genuine, when in doubt saleable, equivalent in value.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Staiger's proposal, to split up the proposed resolution accordingly, has three supporters.
neutral	Stefan Haller	So, with two dissenting votes, they are sticking with the original programme, which Stefan Haller summed up as follows: "If we pass the resolution as so, we make a huge step towards plugging a huge gap in our infrastructure."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Collision with a car: Cyclist hurled onto the road
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The 82-year-old cyclist was hit by a car whilst crossing the road in Garath on Wednesday and was seriously injured.
male	bicycle	According to police reports, the 82-year-old from Langenfeld was travelling on his bicycle on the Schwarzer Weg cycle lane at around 12.20pm, coming from the direction of Hilden.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The senior citizen wanted to cross the lane of traffic up where the street Am Buchholzer Busch is.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A woman driving a car in the same direction gave way to him.
male	the man	However, as the man from Langenfeld cycled onto the road, he evidently did not pay attention to the oncoming traffic.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He collided with a car being driven by a 66-year-old woman from Hilden.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The man was hurled onto the road.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He suffered serious injuries and was brought to hospital in an ambulance.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	FC Bayern Munich have to do without David Alaba and Thiago for the Super Cup against Borussia Dortmund
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Super Cup is happening without him: David Alaba has to skip the game against Dortmund.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With squad concerns, FC Bayern are travelling to Dortmund for the first competitive match of the new season.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The title-defender is missing seven of its pros in the Super Cup against the cup winners.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The squad concerns are getting even bigger for the German football record champions Bayern Munich ahead of the Super Cup on Saturday (8.30pm/ZDF and Eurosport) at cup winners Borussia Dortmund.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Coach Carlo Ancelotti has to also do without David Alaba in the duel with the BVB.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Italian confirmed that on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, the Munich team is missing Manuel Neuer, James, Thiago, Jerome Boateng, Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat.
neutral	the physical state	Ancelotti blamed the physical state of his team and the lack of balance in their game for their five defeats in the past six friendlies.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We know that we are not in the best physical condition," said Ancelotti, adding, "The most important point is the balance in the team.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That has not been good recently."
neutral	the first official competitive game	However, the 58-year-old believes that they can improve their performance in the first official competitive game of the season.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Football is also tactics, strategy, personality and motivation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I have great confidence that my team exhibits these qualities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The team is ready.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We want to play intelligently," said Ancelotti, who is expecting a "difficult, intense game".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The duel between the two German football heavyweights is captivating the fans.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With 81,360 spectators, the game is sold out, shared the German football league (DFL) on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wandering from star to star in the Harz
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The nation's first "astral path" is to come to life in the Harz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is being planned by the Sankt Andreasberg Observatory society.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There has been a planetary trail in Göttingen since 2003.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An "astral path" satisfies many Harz visitors' need for information, it is said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It combines nature, science, exercise and athletic performance.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Members want to set up plaques along the planned route and put information about stars and constellations on them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In a first phase, until 2018, the association is planning "easily accessible installations in five to six locations" in the Upper Harz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the running are St. Andreasberg, Braunlage, Hohegeiss and Sieber.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The information on the plaques is to be expanded upon online.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So good mobile network reception plays a part in the selection of locations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Accessibility is also a criterion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The astral path is later to be extended, step by step.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Spectators will gain lots of useful knowledge on the astral path, for example about the physics of the individual stars," explained the society.
neutral	addition	In addition, they will learn why stars have different colours, or why one star shines more brightly than another, although it is significantly further away.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It will also teach which constellation a selected star is located in, and when the best time to see it is.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The society has been operating the highest observatory in Northern Germany, in the small mountain town of St. Andreasberg, since 2014 already.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The location in the middle of the Harz national park is among the six darkest regions in Germany, according to information from the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One can regularly clearly see the Milky Way, and even the Andromeda Galaxy, from there with naked eyes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The university town, on the initiative of the Göttingen Planetarium friends' association, has had something similar to the astral path since 2013 – the planetary trail.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Starting at Gebhards Hotel in Goethealle, which forms the centre of our solar system, the planetary trail leads with its steles up to Hainberg and the observatory – as well as an "extra-terrestrial" location in Diemarden (Municipality of Gleichen) with the planet Sedna.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The steles with the individual planets – including Pluto, which was downgraded to a dwarf planet, at the end point – are set up at exact intervals and on a scale of one to two billion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Earth thus shrinks to a ball with a diameter of 6.5 millimetres, while the sun, standing exactly 75 metres away, measures 70 centimetres.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The total distance covered by the planetary trail is a good four kilometres.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	While the light of the sun needs around eight hours to reach Pluto, pedestrians need a good hour to get to the stele with Pluto.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, pedestrians are faster than light in space.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trek to the nearest fixed star would take another half a year though.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.
male	Garcia	Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Best of luck to you."
male	Lomachenko	Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm small for 140.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I want to come down to lightweight.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That's what the fans are asking for.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Let's give them that."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lomachenko agreed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Boxing needs this fight."
neutral	Klimas	Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy he has to have Lomachenko fight a 135-pound debut bout later this year to set up a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts), who also has interest in fighting the Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell winner following their Sept. 23 lightweight title bout at the Forum.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We're the main names.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No other names can generate that kind of attention.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Whenever they're ready ... ."
male	Garcia	Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.
male	Lomachenko	But Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This is the fight to be made.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No other fight creates as much attention and buzz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It will be a great fight."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Four injured after burst tyre
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In an accident on the A7 on Thursday afternoon, four people were injured, some severely.
male	an Opel Zaifra	According to initial reports, the driver of an Opel Zaifra lost control of his vehicle at around 4.30pm, shortly before the Marktbreit junction, after a burst tyre.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The car slid right into the embankment, where it overturned and then lay on its roof, on the grass verge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The four passengers – two adults and two children – were, in part, severely injured in the accident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	While first aid was being given to the injured by the emergency services, the A7 was closed for around an hour in the northerly direction, before traffic was able to be led round the site of the accident in the left lane.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fortunas Hoffmann: "Three at the back works better"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Andre Hoffmann hopes after the 2:2 to kick off the season against Braunschweig that the optimisation of the defence formation will bring points in Aue.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Andre Hoffmann was content with the first game of the season, and with the result too, were it not for the two own goals in the 2:2 against Braunschweig.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"That was two own goals too many, and in Aue, we have to take better care still," says the defender from Fortuna Düsseldorf.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The line of three at the back is to be optimised even further in the Ore mountains.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And the Fortunas don't want to let in any more goals after free kicks either.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"In future, no-one will stand on the line next to Michael (Rensing) any more."
male	Hoffmann	Hoffmann is convinced that his team manages better with the three-at-the-back formation, even after the experiences in the build-up.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I don't know yet how we will play in Aue," said the coach Friedhelm Funkel, but Hoachmann is sure of himself, "because in Kaan Ayhan and Niko Gießelmann, we particularly have players in the back three in the half positions that can build well," said Hoffmann.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"However, a prerequisite is that we harmonise even better together and don't commit so many passing errors in the build up."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Naturally, Hoffmann is also travelling to Aue to win the game.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Whether after one draw though one can talk of a failed start, I don't know.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The performance could by all means be okay," said Hoffmann.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"However, if we're standing there on Sunday with four points and can concentrate on the cup, we'll certainly be able to talk of a decent season kick-off."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His coach didn't want to hear any of that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I will first judge our start to the season after six to eight matches," said Friedhelm Funkel, who did not wish to talk of an advantage over Aue just because the Saxony team's game in Heidenhelm had to be cut-off early due to a storm.
neutral	the players	"Now they are effectively able to start the season with a home game," said Funkel, and Hoffman believes that the players from Aue could perhaps even be somewhat fresher, since they don't have any difficult and full games like Fortuna against one of the promotion favourites resting in their bones.
neutral	Fortuna	"But they don't know 100 per cent where they stand at the moment," says the Fortuna central defender.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Admittedly, the guests from the Rhineland go into the encounter on Sunday in the finally (almost) finished Aue stadium as slight favourites.
neutral	Aue	"That we are going to sweep them away just because we can claim a place amongst the top six is ridiculous," says Funkel, whose balance sheet against Aue, with only one defeat in nine games, is thoroughly positive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"There is no team in the second Bundesliga that one has to beat from the outset," explains Fortuna's head coach.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"To give such a statement would be arrogant and presumptuous."
male	Funkel	And Funkel does not under any circumstances want to see his players like that on Sunday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
neutral	asylum seekers	The latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.
male	The Local	"We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The Local.
neutral	the asylum seeker	The high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."
neutral	the person	When newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.
neutral	people	One sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
male	Metro	If we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper Metro.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Right on target
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The works on the three bridges of the L 108 road, between Lauterbach and Schramberg, are progressing well.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Wednesday, a seven-tonne piece of concrete was installed at the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We're doing very well for time – it's going great," says Reinhold Leicht, site manager at the department of road engineering and transport in the Freiburg local government.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In April, works began on all three bridges in need of refurbishment between Schramberg and Lauterbach at the same time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The works are scheduled to be completed in October, and Leicht is certain that the timetable will be stuck to.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The first bridge, coming from Schramberg, leads over the Trombach.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is a vaulted arch bridge made of concrete that is covered in red variegated sandstone and has a total length of 4.80 metres.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was built in 1900.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Like the other two bridges, it is old by now.
neutral	the three structures	In order to ensure their stability and road safety, the three structures now have to be thoroughly renovated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The two other bridges lead over the Lauterbach.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are made of variegated sandstone.
neutral	metres	Both were erected in 1939 and they are twelve and 10.60 metres high, respectively.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach has now – as of Wednesday morning – been given a 1.30-metre-wide and seven-tonne-heavy so-called bridge parapet on its north side.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This fixes the boundary and is also used as a passenger path.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A 2.20-metre-wide bridge parapet is to be put in place on the south part of the bridge on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The pedestrian walkway is intended to then to run over that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What is special about this is that is uses finished parts, a patent of the Schramberg company Dizwo.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The other two bridges are already kitted out with the patented bridge parapets.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Laying cables through the structure in Lauterbach required particular flair.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For a fibreglass cable also runs there, which many companies are connected to.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the run-up to the works, residents were informed about the project via a leaflet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fish and crabs must also be fished out first.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the bridges between the construction yard building and the lake reservoir in the direction of Schramberg, traffic is single-lane and regulated by lights.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the construction works on the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach, the road in the area of the bridge, where the "Tannenhof" and "Sieben Linden" hotels are, is fully closed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Altogether, the costs for the three bridge renovations total 700 000 euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The entire project is being funded by the state.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	AfD in Gerolstein: Colourful protest with German potato salad
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It doesn't happen that often that parties pull together, but when it concerns the Alternative for Germany (AfD), people come together who would otherwise be difficult to reconcile.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The parties who represent in the Vulkan Eifel district council (CDU, SPD, the Greens, FDP, FWG, die Linke) belong to a broad alliance that is peacefully nailing its colours to the mast on this day because the AfD are holding a "big kick-off to the election campaign" in Gerolstein Town Hall plaza.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And are launching famous names – like Alice Weidel, who together with Alexander Gauland makes up the leading duo for the Bundestag elections on 24th September, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But those who have been on site for hours already before the start of the event don't want to listen to the AfD, but rather, demonstrate.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The motto: "Eifel is staying colourful."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Originally the town picnic was planned for Brunnenplatz square under the motto "everyone at one table", but now is taking place in the carpark beneath the shopping plaza – and therefore directly in sight of those coming to the AfD event in the Town Hall.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A colourful picture on show there.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And what really delighted Christa Karoli, chairperson of the Eine Welt (One World) Forum and one of the leading organisers: "It's great how many people have come together here."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There's music and all sorts of food, including a "typical German potato salad" that even the AfD would have no problem eating," said the woman who had brought it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The police had summoned lots of officials to Gerolstein and were above all also present at the train station, which is only a few metres away from the event locations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How did the AfD make it to Gerolstein, actually?
male	Mario Hompe	Mario Hompe from the Vulkan Eifel AfD reports that he strove hard to get such an event and that he won the contract.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The 45-year-old from Gönndersdorf had originally inquired in Daun, but had got a no there because there were not enough parking places available due to the St. Lawrence funfair already being set up.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So now, the shopping plaza; Hompes is delighted that "we are able to hold such a wonderful event here".
male	plaza forecourt	With a view to the event on the plaza forecourt he says: "It's the people's right. The main this is that it stays peaceful".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And it does: at around 8pm some entertainment is provided, by a band on the plaza forecourt, and in the town hall, by various speakers, including Rhineland-Palatinate AfD chairman Uwe Junge.
neutral	the Bundestag elections	In the hall there are about 200 in attendance, waiting for the leading candidate for the Bundestag elections, Alice Weidel, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch, to give their speeches.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The police presence is unchanged, but until now the officials have had a quiet evening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The AfD event lasts a little more than an hour; the guests in the forecourt have a long wind, but even there it is time to clear up shortly after 9pm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The police can go away – no specific incidents.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trombone meets trumpet
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is another chance to hear Wolfach trombonist Frederic Belli in the series of Haslach cloister concerts tomorrow, Sunday, at 8pm in the monastery church.
male	The Black Sea	Together with the Bulgarian trumpeter Miroslav Petkov, he is giving a concert that carries the slogan "The Black Sea meets the Black Forest", or even, "Balkan folklore" meets a classic German education with roots in brass music.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Both soloists are winners and awardees of numerous international competitions and hold soloist positions in leading European orchestras.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, Petkov is solo trumpeter with the renowned Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam, and Frederic Belli is solo trombonist with the SWR Symphony Orchestra.
neutral	the various genres	Both have in common a passion not only for transcending the boundaries of their instruments but also for conflating the boundaries of the various genres.
neutral	Johann Sebastian Bach	So, Johann Sebastian Bach played by the two of them takes on a whole new sound, Daniel Schnyder's "Weltmusik" unites with Bulgarian folklore, and in the piece "Exchange Suits" from JazzEcho prize-winner Nils Wogram, they blend classical, jazz and free play into a fascinating complete art work.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This centrepiece of the programme had its debut performance in Freiburg this spring, to great success.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The renowned composer Nils Wogram wrote it especially for the two musicians and there's more: the Haslach monastery church, with its special acoustic, was consciously incorporated into the concert.
female	Kristen Stewart	Kristen Stewart talks about her bisexuality
neutral	Some people	"Some people love grilled cheese and will eat it for the rest of their lives.
female	Kristen Stewart	But I want to try everything." This is what Kristen Stewart said in total frankness on the topic of her bisexuality.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If I bite into grilled cheese once, I think, 'Oh, that was cool, what's next?'".
female	Twilight	The Hollywood star's most famous relationship was probably that with her "Twilight" co-star Robert Pattinson, which came apart bitterly in the end.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite all that, the brunette actress assures "Harper's Bazaar" magazine: "I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Or did you think I was faking it?"
neutral	Kristen	After their split, Kristen came out as bisexual: "I've always really lived for that duality and seriously believed in it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has never confused me or held me back.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I just never liked being made fun of."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She suffered from this especially in her school days, according to "Bang Showbiz", when she preferred to dress like a boy: "Not all girls are typical girls.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That really, really hurt me.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When I was eleven, kids told me I looked like a boy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I felt really attacked, frightened and ashamed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now I look back and think: 'Girl, be proud of yourself!'".
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She particularly doesn't like explaining her love life to the public: "People expect you to behave in a certain way, and that makes me angry.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And maybe some people call me ungrateful, but I don't like having to justify myself to the entire public."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The rally erupted in cheers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"So tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"As a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
male	Forbes	Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	He's worth about $1.59 billion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"With only 15 governorships and control of the fewest state legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the latest rejection of a party that is leaderless from top to bottom and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement to CBS News.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Coe praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal
male	Sebastian Coe	Global athletics boss Sebastian Coe praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.
male	Russia	Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."
male	a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report	Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president Coe told reporters.
neutral	The whole Council	"The whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."
male	Coe	Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said Coe.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.
male	The guiding principle	The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.
male	IAAF Council	Drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Act of mourning for soldiers who crashed in Mali
neutral	both soldiers	At a memorial service in the north Hessen town of Fritzlar, around 1000 people commemorated both soldiers who lost their lives in a helicopter crash in Mali.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ceremony took place in the cathedral city on Thursday under strict security precautions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) remained silent on the as-yet-unexplained cause of the crash.
neutral	experts	However, she described the two pilots who were killed as "experts in their field".
female	the Federal Republic	"We bow before this greatest of sacrifices that they have made in the name of the Federal Republic of Germany," she explained.
neutral	The 33-year-old Major	The 33-year-old Major and the 47-year-old Stabshauptmann from north Hessen lost their lives a week ago, on Wednesday, in the West African country of Mali.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their coffins were transported back to Germany and on Thursday were brought to Saint Peter's cathedral in Fritzlar, accompanied by a wake from the German army.
neutral	goodbyes	At midday, the relatives first said their goodbyes in the church.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then, amidst family and closest friends, the memorial service was begun by representatives of the German Army and the political world.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Among these were Hesse Prime Minister Volker Bouffier (CDU) and Inspector General of the German Army, Volker Wieker.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Memorial guests laid down roses, and the relatives stood arm in arm by the coffins.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The people of Fritzlar and numerous soldier followed the ceremony in front of the church on a big screen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Defence minister von der Leyen described the killed soldiers as "highly decorated" and experienced in missions.
male	Tiger	The Stabshauptmann is said to have helped set up flight operations of the combat helicopter Tiger in Fritzlar and was one of the first six qualified Tiger pilots in his regiment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Volker Bauersachs too, commander of the regiment to which the soldiers belonged, said: "If this crew were not able to prevent the crash, then no-one could have".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minister von der Leyen did not express any doubts about the UN mission in Mali: the mission was dangerous.
female	only two nations	However, it was also of great importance "for a country from which we are separated by only two nations," she said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After the memorial service, the coffins were brought out of the cathedral.
neutral	The Germany Army	The Germany Army did not wish to give any indications about when or where they are to be buried.
male	Prince Henrik	Prince Henrik does not want a grave next to his wife
male	Queen Margrethe	The husband of the Danish Queen Margrethe (77), Prinz Henrik (83), does not want to be buried next to his wife after his death.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The royal family shared that on Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Traditionally, the Danish royal couple are interred in Roskilde Cathedral.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The sculptor Bildhauer Bjørn Nørgaard is already crafting a sarcophagus for the two of them.
female	The queen	The queen is content with her husband's decision, the announcement continued.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Where Prince Henrik will be buried is still unclear.
male	his French homeland	However, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland.
male	Prinz Henrik	Prinz Henrik had never made a secret of the fact that he was not happy with his title.
male	Margrethe's accession	After his wife Margrethe's accession to the throne in 1972, he would have liked to have become king.
male	Prince Consort	In 2016, he went into retirement and at the same time also laid aside his title of "Prince Consort".
male	Henrik	Since Henrik did not get the title and function that he wanted in Denmark, he does not see himself as equal to his wife – not after death either, explains Lene Balleby, chief spokeswoman for the Danish royal family.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Where the last place of rest will be in the end for the 83-year-old is still unclear.
male	Denmark	However, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland, but rather in Denmark.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He likes the country for which he has worked for the last 50 years.
male	Born Henri de Laborde de Monpezat	Born Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, the son of a noble French family, he had got to know Margrethe in 1965 in London.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He worked on the Thames in the French Embassy.
male	Prinz Henrik	Whereas the people's expressions of sympathy always flew to his then to be wife, Prinz Henrik had a hard time with the Danes during his almost 50-year reign.
male	Henrik	In an autobiography, Henrik commented on his first years in Denmark: "A few months after my arrival, everything that I did was criticised.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	My Danish was faltering, I preferred wine to beer, silk socks to wool socks, Citroën to Volvo, tennis to football.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even for the Gauloises, which I smoked in place of Virginia tobacco, and which had the reputation here for being the brand of intellectuals who were critical of society, I could not hope for any leniency.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I was different.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It seemed I was happy with this position and not ashamed of it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Those were two errors!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Prime Minister Weil wants a snap new election
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	CDU and FDP face possible majority in Lower Saxony
male	Stephan Weil	Lower Saxony's prime minister Stephan Weil (SPD) wants the State Parliament to have a snap new election after the loss of the red-green governing majority – but he doesn't want to step down.
male	the Parliament	Weil declared himself on Friday to be in favour of a dissolution of the Parliament.
female	Green	Previously, the unexpected resignation of a Green party representative from her state parliamentary fraction in Lower Saxony had plunged Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD)'s government into a stark crisis.
neutral	Hanover	Five months before the official date of the state elections, the red-green coalition lost in Hanover, and with that, their scant one-vote majority in Parliament over the opposition of CDU and FDP.
female	Elke Twesten	Elke Twesten, up until that point a Green Party representative, justified her move with the fact that she had not been nominated for the 2018 election in her constituency in Rotenburg (Wümme).
female	Hanover	"I see my political future in the CDU," she stated on Friday in Hanover.
female	CDU	CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his party to take her in.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then the CDU and the FDP would together have 69 seats in the Lower Saxony State Parliament, and the Greens, 68 seats.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Up until now, that ratio was the other way around.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The new State Parliament will be elected as normal on the 14th January next year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thümler says that the red-green State Government now has to decide whether it can continue to govern in these circumstances without a majority.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, Stephan Weil considers it imperative that the State Parliament vote to dissolve itself as swiftly as possible.
neutral	The CDU parliamentary group	The CDU parliamentary group is expected to decide on Tuesday about how they will proceed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The state constitution also allows for the possibility that the State Parliament declares no confidence in the Prime Minister and elects a successor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Our constitution offers various options.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The possibilities have to be examined in a proper legal way," said Thümler.
neutral	All aspects	"All aspects will be debated in good time, if they are examined in a sound legal way."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thümler called Twesten's move "somewhat curious though".
female	The politician	The politician herself stressed: "I am not a traitor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I feel very good."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She described herself as a supporter of Black-Green.
female	The Greens	The Greens called on the defecting representative to give up her seat in Parliament.
female	Stefan Körner	"We naturally assume that she will give up her seat in Parliament, which she won on a Green party ticket, with immediate effect," communicated state chairpersons Meta Janssen-Kucz and Stefan Körner.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Green Party chairwoman Anja Piel said: "We exceedingly regret Elke Twesten's decision".
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She consciously decided not to give any statement in the parliamentary group.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Especially given the background, that there were no essential differences – we can't understand this move."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	SPD candidate for Chancellor Martin Schulz denounced the crossing over of Lower Saxony Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU as betrayal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The behaviour of the former Green representative in Lower Saxony is not only a betrayal of voters, but also a betrayal to red-green," wrote the Social Democratic federal leader on Friday on Facebook.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He supports Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD)'s decision to let the State Parliament have new elections soon.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Twesten's resignation costs Red-Green the majority in Lower Saxony.
female	her wounded vanity	The politician "in her wounded vanity and in her frustration" put "her personal interests above the wellbeing of the state," critisised SPD General Secretary Hubertus Heil.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is a scandal that the CDU in Lower Saxony plays along in this dirty scheming and attempts to score political points from it."
male	CDU	Lower Saxony CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his representatives to take Elke Twesten into the CDU.
female	Twesten	The parliamentary group leader of the SPD in the Bundestag, Thomas Opperman, accused Twesten of distorting the result of the State election in 2013 with her personal career notions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The CDU was then the strongest power ahead of the SPD, but SPD and Greens had a wafer-thin majority of one vote in the State Parliament.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minister of Agriculture in interview – How do we protect ourselves against poisoned eggs, Mr Schmidt?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Germany is discussing contaminated eggs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How was it possible for the scandal to happen?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How can consumers protect themselves?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minister of Food and Agriculture Christian Schmidt (CSU) answers our questions in interview with RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
neutral	eggs	Mr Schmidt, how can consumers protect themselves against poisoned eggs?
neutral	all consumers	I can only encourage all consumers to look very carefully at the eggs in their fridge and check the stamps printed on them.
neutral	The federal states	The federal states are each supplying their most up-to-date information on the affected egg batches on the consumer protection portal www.Lebensmittelwarnung.de.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Affected eggs should be destroyed or returned.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even if, according to everything we know at this point in time, a health risk is all but ruled out.
neutral	Aldi	Is Aldi now adopting the best possible reaction to the crisis – removing all eggs from their offering – because the Federal Minister of Food and Agriculture is not really playing the central role of providing clear information?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Monitoring foodstuffs is a task for the federal states.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite that, the ministry immediately connected and has been liaising closely with the state authorities ever since it became known that Germany was affected.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	All information and the risk assessment are accessible to consumers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is up to the trade just as much as it is the manufacturers to ensure that the products sold meet trading requirements and do not present any health risks.
neutral	0.005mg/kg	For eggs, if the maximum residue level of 0.005mg/kg is exceeded, then they do not meet trading requirements.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Uncontaminated eggs, however, can be sold and consumed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This time the businesses are not at fault.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Are production facilities and consumers in the same boat?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to what we currently know, the production facilities are not in any way directly to blame.
neutral	service companies	In fact, due to suspected illegal practices by service companies, they have to deal with commercial claims.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As always in emergencies, there are too few inspectors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is it just the number of staff that is lacking, or the key competence as well?
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	It was actually the official controls themselves that exposed what was going on.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, we must also remember that food fraud and criminal activity can never be 100% eliminated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is for precisely this reason that it is so crucially important to have such occurrences thoroughly cleared up and passed over to public prosecutors in cases where crimes could have committed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I have already made it clear many times that I am expecting a complete resolution from the authorities in charge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is the alarmism that regularly arises with food scandals really necessary?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Consumers have the right to get only safe food that is approved for market.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If a prohibited insecticide is used in the food industry, consumers are quite right to be indignant.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thanks to these adulterated products, manufacturers, retailers and consumers get into a situation that is entirely unnecessary.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fundamentally the following has to be clear: the unlawful use of the insecticide Fipronil in the farming of food-producing animals is not acceptable and must be ended immediately.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Work must be done on this consistently and urgently at all levels.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I expect all responsible authorities to clear up the matter swiftly and completely.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.
male	Neymar	Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
male	Neymar	PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
neutral	Clubs	Clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.
male	Michel Platini	FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.
neutral	The former France player	The former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
neutral	FFP	In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	During the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
male	Platini	And despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
male	PSG	Although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.
neutral	club	UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swiss is on the look out for a new choccy supplier
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the last few years, Chocolat Frey has made on-board chocolates for Swiss.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now the sweet collaboration faces a possible end: the airline is inviting new calls for tenders.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swiss spokeswoman Meike Fuhlrott, in response to a query from news agency sda, confirmed a corresponding report from the newspaper "Nordwestschweiz" on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to current plans, the airline will conclude a new contract in the first half year of 2018.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The products would be reviewed and undergo a quality control every two to three years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We are very satisfied with the current supplier Chocolat Frey," said the spokeswoman.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Every year, around 17 million small 14-gram chocolate bars packaged in red and white are handed out by the flight attendants to passengers before landing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swiss did not wish to make any statements on the costs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to "Nordwestschweiz", industry insiders estimate the order volumes to be 1.5 to 2 million francs – the Migros subsidiary generates an annual turnover of around a billion francs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, more important is always the advertising effect: for a chocolate producer, it is a prestigious contract.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swiss will not disclose how many bidders there are for the new call for tenders.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, only Swiss producers are eligible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the newspaper report, Chocolat Frey wants to strive to renew the contract beyond Spring 2018.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The biggest Swiss chocolate producer was not available to the sda for a statement.
neutral	Swiss	Swiss has been handing out chocolate bars on board their flights since 2006.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Before Swiss concluded a contract with the Migros subsidiary, Barry Callebaut had supplied the chocolate bars, in collaboration with Hug.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swiss introduced the possibility of inserting a logo two and a half years ago, at the start of the collaboration with Chocolat Frey.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The airline collaborates with various Swiss chocolate manufacturers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On long-haul flights, the first class customers are spoiled with treats from confectioner Sprüngli; in business class, passengers nibble on chocolate from Lindt, and in economy class, chocolate from Chocolat Frey.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On short-haul routes too, Swiss hands out chocolate from Chocolate Frey, both in business and in economy class.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Track-and-field discus Olympic champion Robert Harting reaches the World Championship finals
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The three-time world champion is fighting for a medal in the finals on Saturday.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His brother Christoph, Olympic champion in 2016, had been unsuccessful in the national World Championship qualifier and could only watch the discus contest from the stands.
male	Piotr Malachowski	Polish title defender Piotr Malachowski also qualified for the final showdown with his first attempt, throwing 65.13 metres.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nostalgia Goes Niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So this iteration of the story is simultaneously nostalgic for the characters' '80s glory days; for the '90s grunge era (around when the masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter made the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV); and for itself - that is, for 2001, before its stars, like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	By doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Many of the core stories are the same.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
male	Ken Marino	Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's the moments of random lunacy that might power this franchise on, like a kind of recursive "Seven Up!" series, until it reaches what I assume will be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later," whose last scene will have the gang going to see the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The comedy, created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas directing, purports to be found TV: a Romanian 1980s buddy-cop drama about two Bucharest officers fighting for truth, atheism and the Marxist-Leninist way.
neutral	Florin Piersic Jr.	The lead roles - hard-boiled Gregor and idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, their dialogue dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a brilliant idea.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it's not much more than an idea.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).
neutral	actors	And the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Blow dealt to drug mafia in the country
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The police have delivered a successful blow against the Italian Mafia in Baden Württemberg.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Wednesday morning, in the Black Forest-Baar district, numerous properties were searched in Rottweil, Konstanz, Esslingen and Stuttgart, said the Konstanz public prosecutor's office on Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the course of this, 15 accused, aged between 25 and 77, were detained and already had arrest warrants issued against them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, officials seized large quantities of marijuana and cocaine, firearms and several hundred thousand euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At simultaneous raids in Italy, two people were detained.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	German arrest warrants were issued against the two suspected Italians.
neutral	Germany	Both of them were therefore presumably extradited to Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Italian and Bavarian investigators were involved in the operation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In total, over 300 policemen were deployed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The mafia members were charged with organised drug-related crime, serious acts of violence, attempted murder, and robbery and extortion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Konstanz public prosecutor's office has been investigating the drug trade in southern Germany since the summer of 2016 already.
neutral	Palermo	There was an active exchange between the public prosecutor's offices in Konstanz and Palermo, and the investigators from Rottweil CID had almost daily contact with their colleagues in Sicily.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The major operation on Wednesday morning was thus attended by four officials from Palermo.
neutral	The investigations	The investigations then turned their sights above all to Italian nationals with close ties to the Italian mafia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An incident on 27th May in Hüfingen, during which several shots were fired into a restaurant in the early morning, is also likely to have been caused by the gang.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Weise complains of big holes in the Register of Foreign Nationals
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Data for citizens that ought not to be showing up there": according to a report, the Register of Foreigner Nationals in Germany is exhibiting significant defects.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is leading to some grave mistakes in decisions within asylum procedures.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Frank-Jürgen Weise, the official appointee of the German Government for the management of refugees, has brought attention to big holes in the Central Register of Foreign Nationals, according to one media report.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Defects in the data registered there could lead to "some grave mistakes in decisions" when it comes to asylum procedures and deportations, warned Weise in an analysis received by the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to that information, ten million people with foreign nationality are recorded in the register, among whom around 5.7 million from non-EU states.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The data are managed by around 600 Foreigners' Registration Offices in Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Because the data have not been sufficiently maintained, it said, the quality of the data has in part not been good to date.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In some cases, data from 1921 was found, "from people who have long been dead, or from citizens who became German nationals and actually should no longer be showing up in the register."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Erroneous data entries can significantly slow down return processes," the report continues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Moreover, within the statistics on those people who are obliged to leave the country are recorded EU citizens, who do not at all have to leave.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Such false categorisations, however, led to "a biased debate about how to deal with those who are obliged to leave the country," it says accordingly in the analysis.
neutral	children	Meanwhile, the German Government has apparently begun to send back to Italy refugee families with children under 16 years of age, if this is where they entered the country from.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is emerging from an internal paper from the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF), reports the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the paper, it says that the BAMF has been once more transacting such procedures "that concern families with children – with the exception of infants and very small children – to Italy since 1st June 2017."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since the end of 2014, that had practically no longer been possible, says the newspaper, pointing to the difficult situation on the ground.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the Dublin Regulation, it is the EU state the refugee first reaches that is responsible for them.
male	migrant	If a migrant travels further into another EU country, this state can send him back to the country he entered from.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As a means of justification, the office writes: "By now, the intake capacity for families with children who are minors has significantly increased in Italy."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Italy has provided guarantees for the intake and accommodation of families.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) itself considers these pledges to be sufficient.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Other EU states too would send back refugees there using the scope of the Dublin Agreement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Linke party's spokeswoman for domestic poicy, Ulla Elpke, criticised this decision: "Due to shortcomings in the Italian asylum system, families with children are threatened with conditions of admission that contravene human rights and with risk to the child's welfare"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Second-best result achieved
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Altogether, the blood donor service made 220 litres of blood from people living in Oberreichenbach available for others.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At least, from the twelve citizens who were honoured on Friday.
male	his 100 donations	Ahead of everyone is Jürgen Greule, who has by now shared 50 litres of blood with his 100 donations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The community traditionally acknowledges the repeated willingness to give blood in the meeting of its municipal council.
neutral	their blood	"It is ingenious how our bodies are designed for this and we show respect to the donors who make their blood available for strangers, and so selflessly," stressed mayor Karlheinz Kistner.
neutral	their components	"One single blood donation helps multiple people," explained the district head of the on-call service of the German Red Cross (DRK), Holger Maisenbacher, for the reserves are broken down into their components.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, as many as three people could benefit from a single blood donation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the same time, Maisenbacher reported on the campaigns that are to be carried out in Oberreichenbach in the spring.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This year, we achieved our second best result ever, with 114 donors," said the DRK on-call district head.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Obviously the move into the theatre venue a few years ago led to a higher number of participants.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Already before then, Thomas Bockstadt, Susanne Reichle, Sandra Schöck, Thomas Reichle and Meta Umbeer were numbered amongst the repeat donors and honoured for having made 50 donations each.
neutral	Uwe Vetter	Half as many were clocked up by Herbert Mair and Dorothee Reixinger, while Tamara Pfrommer, Petra Schleeh, Stefanie Stoll and Uwe Vetter each gave 500 millilitres of their lifeblood.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.
neutral	The market	The market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), a pill taken before sex which has been shown to reduce the risk of infection in high-risk individuals by around 86 per cent, will now be provided by the health service through an initial three-year trial to an estimated 10,000 people.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.
neutral	a GP	People living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	From September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We warmly welcome this announcement.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
female	Joanne	It is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
female	my requirement	That was my requirement," she says.
female	Joanne	To this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio Duck & Shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.
male	The steelwork	"The steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.
neutral	spaces	"We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.
neutral	the steels	It wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"A bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"At the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."
neutral	the floor space	Here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.
neutral	the heart strings	These are important but they don't pull the heart strings."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Brothers fight over $500 million property empire
neutral	the dynasty	Two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.
neutral	Colin De Lutis	Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.
neutral	Anna	Together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There, the family founded Westco Jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It sold in 1999 for $85 million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.
neutral	De Lutis	Under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.
male	Colin	"The splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.
male	Paul	The brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
male	Colin	In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
male	My Italian heritage	"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.
female	Ms De Lutis	Ms De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
male	Paul	Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."
neutral	Anna De Lutis	Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.
female	Luigi	"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
male	Mark	Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.
neutral	Mark	Both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.
neutral	Colin	Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."
male	Paul	"It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
male	Colin	In mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.
male	Our father	"Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Friday, that hope appeared gone.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Others have tried and failed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	If so, he will be the first.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:
male	Staff John F. Kelly	"When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.
male	staff	Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."
male	Trump	Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
male	President Trump	President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.
male	Trump	"If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told Politico in February.
male	Trump	Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Okay.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.
neutral	these campaign officials	Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.
neutral	his staffers	If his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.
neutral	their agendas	Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Politico - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
neutral	leaks	"Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is what happened in late February when someone mischievously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh of being 'the source behind a bunch of leaks' in the White House.
neutral	Johnson	No matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How'd that work out?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.
male	Trump	Perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Most-wanted criminals receive post from Europol
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the address is unknown, the assistance of the population is being requested and hoped for.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Police across all of Europe are sending (virtual) postcards this summer to dangerous criminals on the run.
neutral	criminals	Since the addresses of the sought-after serious criminals are not known, they are hoping and asking for tips from the population.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Europol reported on Friday about the campaign, which follows on from the "EU Most Wanted" advent calendar from the winter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Experience has shown that many fugitives hide out in holiday destinations, was the word from Europol.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	21 postcards for sought-after criminals from 21 EU countries have been assembled.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The website www.eumostwanted has existed since 2016, and has been visited more than 2.5 million times.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has so far been possible to arrest 36 of those being sought online; at least 11 of these are due to tips following publication on the internet site.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'
neutral	the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners	Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.
neutral	The travellers	The travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.
neutral	horses	Bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
neutral	The tactful group	The tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.
neutral	One anonymous resident	One anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.
neutral	The council	The council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.
neutral	The travellers	The travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	More arrived last night, probably even more today.'
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'It is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'
neutral	encampment	A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Birkenhof becomes Waldhotel Luise
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The former Hotel Birkenhof is being turned into the Waldhotel Luise.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The house just outside Freudenstadt is currently being renovated and should be opened again on 1st March next year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is good news for the city.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For when the Hotel Birkenhof was closed by former operating company Ambiente Betriebsgesellschaft mbH on 13th April 2014, at the time around 30,000 overnight stays per year were lost, and with that, the income from the visitors' taxes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the autumn of 2014, in the face of dramatically increasing numbers of refugees who were coming into the rural district, the hotel building was offered to the district administration as collective housing, which sparked controversial discussions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city prevented the accommodation of asylum seekers by preparing development plans to secure the area as a hotel location.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The decision passed in the municipal council back then without controversy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yet Freudenstadt's lord mayor, Julian Osswald, in particular, defended the hotel location and already back then spoke of serious interested parties in the establishment.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	And he was right.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Luisenhotels Group, with Managing Director Birgit Scherer, based in Bad Bergzabern, acquired the former Hotel Birkenhof at a voluntary auction in Berlin and wants to return it to being an establishment in the three-stars-or-more category, under the name Waldhotel Luise.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The group has four establishments including the Freudenstadt property.
neutral	Bad Bergzabern	Two of them are in Bad Bergzabern, and one is in Bad Herrenalb.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are called Hotel Luise, Luisenpark, Parkhotel Luise and, now, Waldhotel Luise.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There has been a skip standing in front of the entrance to the former Hotel Birkenhof for a long time now, and when you enter the building, it becomes clear just how extensive the refurbishment works are that are being undertaken.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The floors have been ripped out, ceilings partly dismantled, old bath tubs taken out of the rooms.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The entire hotel building is one big construction site.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is still a lot to do before March.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is truly a beautiful hotel," says Thomas Scherer in conversation with our paper.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Everything is to be redone in the Black Forest style.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The rooms are being kitted out with large, walk-in showers, the entrance foyer is being revamped, new windows are being installed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Everything should later become "beautifully in touch with the people", is how Thomas Scherer expressed it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We want to make a gem of it."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Swimming pool, wellness area and a meeting room are part of the facilities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One doesn't want to position oneself at the high level of the hotels in Lauterbad, but still at an elevated downtown level, stressed Scherer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Waldhotel Luise, with its roughly 60 rooms, wants to set itself up for a broad audience, explains Scherer further.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Individual holiday-makers, groups, and business people, should all feel at home in the hotel.
male	Scherer	Scherer said that he had already had conversations with Lord Mayor Julian Osswald and Director of Tourism Michael Krause.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city's expectations are said to be in line with those of the hotel group.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We're on the same page."
male	level	Asked about the level of investments, Thomas Scherer doesn't want to commit himself precisely.
male	A little under a million euros	A little under a million euros, he reckons.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The outside facilities are also being revamped – that can already be seen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In an inner courtyard, a large terrace is taking shape, which will be accessible from the restaurant, which is public.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thomas Scherer is optimistic: "Freudenstadt is a good market."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Russia affair: US Special Counsel convenes grand jury
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the Russia affair surrounding US President Donald Trump, Special Counsel Robert Mueller is said to have convened a so-called grand jury, according to one report.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The panel started work in recent weeks, wrote the "Wall Street Journal", relying on sources intimately acquainted with the matter.
male	Mueller	The newspaper judged the step to be a sign that Mueller has broadened and intensified his investigations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The broadcaster CNN reported that the panel has already issued its first subpoenas in connection with a meeting between Trump's oldest son and a Russian lawyer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	US secret service has long been accusing the Kremlin of purposefully interfering in the 2016 presidential election campaign.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mueller is investigating whether there was any collusion between Trump's campaign team and Moscow.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Several men who acted as Republican advisers during the election campaign are said to stand at the centre of the investigations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to reports, Mueller has been subjecting Trump's private and business circles to more and more scrutiny.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The "Washington Post" wrote a few weeks ago that the Special Counsel has personally shifted the centre of focus onto Trump and is investigating the charge of whether or not the President could have obstructed the course of justice during the affair.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is the main task of the grand jury to review the available evidence in cases of possible felonies and to decide whether charges should be brought.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Grand juries are for this reason also called prosecution chambers.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are usually engaged for major and controversial cases.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The procedure always takes place behind closed doors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The panel may also be engaged by the public prosecutor's office to subpoena people for questioning under oath.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the broadcaster CNN, subpoenas have already been issued in relation to a meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	People who had been involved in this meeting had been summoned to give evidence, the report said.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They were also supposed to make documents available.
male	Trump	In addition to Trump Jr., Trump's adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner and his former campaign manager Paul Manafort were also present at the meeting.
male	Mueller	Legal experts said on US television on Thursday evening that the convening shows that Mueller will not let himself be intimidated in his work and that he is willing to act quickly, should that be necessary.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, this does not necessarily mean that the grand jury is ultimately being engaged in order to decide whether to bring charges.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nevertheless, the convening of the panel signals the beginning of a new phase in the investigations and gives President Trump a new cause for concern.
male	Russia	In the midst of these new revelations, the President took advantage of a speech in West Virginia on Thursday evening in order to portray the Russia affair as a campaign of his political opponents.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The Russia story is a total fabrication," said Trump.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He said the subject gives Democrats an opportunity "to feel better when they have nothing else to talk about."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His special adviser Ty Cobb explained in a statement that he knew nothing about the convening of a grand jury.
male	secret	But it usually operates in secret, he stressed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The White House supports any measures that speed up the work of the Special Counsel in a "fair" way.
male	the President	Former head of the FBI James Comey said three times that the President was not under investigation, he said.
male	his statement	There is no reason to presume that anything has changed, his statement continued.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, Mueller was only engaged after Trump had fired Comey.
male	the sacking	Due to the sacking, accusations were raised that he wanted to obstruct the course of justice.
male	Comey	Comey stated before a Senate committee in June that Trump had asked him to put an end to the investigations into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The President was under a lot of pressure because of the investigation.
male	Special Counsel	As the US media portrays it, the White House gathered materials against the Special Counsel and his colleagues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This gave rise to speculations about whether Trump wanted to dismiss Mueller.
male	Mueller	Unlike an independent Special Counsel of Congress, such as, for example, in the Watergate scandal concerning President Richard Nixon, who later stepped down, Mueller is in a position where, in theory, he could be fired by the justice department if the President pushed for it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, various senators, from both parties, want to avoid such a move.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two groups of Republican and Democratic senators proposed draft legislation on Thursday that would make it no longer so easy for the Special Counsel to be dismissed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Antarctica: Gigantic iceberg drifts into the Antarctic
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the West Antarctic, a gigantic iceberg almost seven times the size of Berlin has detached from the ice shelf.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven communicated this on Wednesday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The over a trillion-ton-heavy and 5800-square-kilometre-big colossus is now drifting to the north and will probably need two or three years to melt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With a length of 175 kilometres and a width of up to 50 kilometres, it is one of the largest ice giants that researchers have recorded in the last three decades.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It does not pose any danger for men.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The extent to which climate change had a part to play in the iceberg breaking off is unclear from the research scientists' findings.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nevertheless, altogether, there have been a series of unusual collapses of ice shelves in the region for around 30 years now, writes the US research centre for snow and ice (NSIDC) in a background fact report.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Many researchers believe this could be connected to global warming.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The now detached colossus was previously a part of the Larsen C ice shelf.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shelf ice floats on the sea and is fed by large glaciers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It thereby grows out ever further into the sea and regularly breaks off.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Larsen C ice shelf is located south of South America, almost at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The equilibrium between growing and breaking off became disrupted north of this ice shelf a few years ago.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An entire ice shelf crumbled there, writes AWI researcher Daniela Jansen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is some evidence that the Larsen C ice shelf is in danger too, for the front edge has never retreated so far back as it currently is.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What is more, the ice sheet is under tension and could crumble if a piece breaks off at a key point.
neutral	icebergs	The melting of shelf ice and icebergs do not raise sea water levels, since they float on the water and ice displaces as much water as it itself produces after melting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, the loss of the ice shelf leads to the glaciers feeding directly into the sea, and being able to flow out much faster than before.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The could potentially raise sea water levels, though only to a small degree, writes the British research project for monitoring the Antarctic (Midas).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to information from the AWI, the Larsen C ice shelf, at almost 50,000 square metres, is the fourth biggest ice shelf in Antarctica.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is up to 700 metres thick where it meets the mainland, and around 200 metres at the front edge to the open ocean.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It regularly breaks off there.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Although this is a natural event, and we’re not aware of any direct link to climate change, this puts the ice sheet in a very vulnerable position," says Martin O'Leary from Britain's Swansea University.
male	records	"This is the furthest back that it has been since records began," he also confirmed.
male	Larsen C	There is disagreement among scientists as to whether the Larsen C ice shelf will now grow again or whether it is receding long term and possibly collapsing, said his colleague Adrian Luckman, adding: "Our models say it will be less stable."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But this development will take decades.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even if these researchers do not attribute the break-off of this gigantic iceberg to climate change, nevertheless, very many ice shelfs in the Antarctic Peninsula have crumbled in recent decades.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This long tail of Antarctica stretches towards South America.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to data from the research programme the British Antarctic Survey, the ice surface area of the Antarctic Peninsula has declined by 28,000 square kilometres since the 1950s.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The rise in temperatures has contributed to this decline.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Antarctic Peninsula has warmed up by around three degrees in the last 50 years and is amongst those areas where temperatures are rising most quickly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	CDU want in-house wage agreement for staff
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since it is getter ever more difficult to fill the positions that become available, the CDU is calling for secession from the employers' association, so as to become more attractive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shortly before the Summer recess, the district assembly rubber-stamped 41 new posts in the administration.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	More than 1100 permanent staff members and officials work for the district administration in Mettmann.
neutral	another 17 trainees	Now another 17 trainees once more have their first working day behind them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The apprenticeship positions at the district are apparently very coveted.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There were around 620 applications recorded for the places on offer this year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, the district is lacking additional personnel which it needs to overcome growing demands and duties.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Currently there are 50 positions at the district of Mettmann that are still unfilled.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sought after are, among others, doctors and engineers as well as general administrative staff.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The CDU, together with the FDP and the UWG, now wants to seize the initiative in the district assembly and counter the dearth of skilled workers in the administration.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The administration is to "work out a plan for acquiring and developing staff," in line with the wishes of the parties.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The plan is not only to satisfy short-term demand in skilled workers, but, with a view to the future, to counteract the shortage of applicants, it is reported.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The entire concept should focus internally and externally, demonstrate concrete measures for lateral entry employees, and include a training offensive, demand the CDU, FDP and UWG.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Well that does sound like a good approach.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the district has staffing problems, the likes of which it has not seen before.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Other cities poach good officials and staff members and offer attractive conditions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The talk is of a downright "contest between public employers".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, a large number of employees are leaving service due to illness or age.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	High time to act then, so that not even more positions remain unfilled.
male	Klaus	Yet Klaus-Dieter Völker, parliamentary group leader of the CDU, is, with his party, going even beyond the joint request.
male	the district assembly	Just recently he caused a huge surprise in the district assembly when he publicly called the staff capping into question and startled the other parties.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Völker wants all avenues to be examined that enable a secession from the municipal employers' association.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If we don't reach a satisfactory solution in the short term, the district administration should strive with the unions – perhaps also in collaboration with the district's towns – to secure an in-house wage agreement," said Völker.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The CDU are thereby attempting to pay the permanent staff and officials better than the pay-scale for public sector workers actually allows for.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Salaries are currently prescribed exactly, and there are only raises or more money when moves into a more senior level, which is based on years experience.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yet the district's tasks have expanded more and more in recent years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the first time a few weeks ago, new premises had to be erected for staff to tackle the provisions of the new Prostitutes Protection Act.
neutral	District Director Martin Richter	Not least because of the growing number of applications for asylum, County Commissioner Thomas Hendele and District Director Martin Richter have a problem: they have too few staff.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
neutral	NGOs	Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.
neutral	NGOs	"If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"For us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.
neutral	Its crew	Its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.
neutral	Iuventa	Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open Arms.
neutral	the new rules	The latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"In recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ascents and trials
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nine Weilermer Bikers, the "Berlin outpost", and two guest riders met in Wachenheim in North Palatinate to enjoy four days of trials and attractions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Three chummy guides were on hand for this.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The accommodation in the Wachenheimer Tal proved to be a good starting point for the tours.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wachenheim's Castle and Wine Festival was a welcome extra.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The first tour led along the vineyards, amidst hot summer temperatures, to the Chapel of St. Michael above Deidesheim.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There followed viewing spots, some on towers, from which one could look far and wide over the Palatinate Forest and the upstream plains.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In between, there were time and again long uphill climbs, for which long trials were the reward.
neutral	the Wurstmarkt festival	On the second day, they went to Bad Dürkheim, to the salt works and to the Wurstmarkt festival.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Again, there came vantage point after vantage point, strung together with "flowing" trials and moderate ascents.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the last two days, lots of high altitudes were on the cards again.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Caves, rocks, towers, castles, ruins and refreshment cabins brought welcome pauses.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In Bad Dürkheim, the bikers breathed in healing salt water in the open-air inhalatorium.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They headed for Neustadt too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After 173 kilometres and almost 4500 metres in altitude, the group had got to know the Palatinate Forest from its best side – sporty and cultural.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Console instead of turf – Bundesliga is getting ready for e-sport
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Will the sports stars of the future sit in front of computer consoles instead of battling sweatily, come wind or rain, on the stadium turf?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The fact is, e-sport has long been a credible industry, a lucrative business – big stars, millions of fans and huge tournaments, complete with big salaries.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even the top Bundesliga clubs have recognised this, and are getting more and more involved in this area.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	VfL Wolfsburg took the lead in 2015, followed later by FC Schalke 04, and most recently by VfB Stuttgart, who founded an e-sport department in the middle of July and signed two pros for the computer game FIFA 17.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"By doing this, we hope to get completely new, young target groups fired up about the VfB,“ says board member Jochen Röttgermann.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He is sure "that countless more clubs are getting on board this train."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The world football association, FIFA, is organising the first "Interactive Club World Cup" this coming weekend in London, which will see gamers from different clubs compete against each other.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Alongside Schalke and Wolfsburg, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and PSV Eindhoven have qualified, to give some examples.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Robin Dutt also sees great potential in e-sport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ex-coach of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen is now consulting an agency for virtual footballers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Real football has to deal in particular with the 14-30 year olds, so that the young people still go to the stadium in the future," says the 52-year-old.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And: the clubs are trying to conquer all possible markets, above all the Asian ones.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With prominent e-sportspeople under contract, it would be possible to be present online in these markets vastly more often than the mere once a year the national team gets sent to Asia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What exactly is it about?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In e-sport, computer games like "League Of Legends", "Dota 2", "Counterstrike" or even the football simulator FIFA are battled out on a competitive level.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Just like in the regular sport, leagues have long been established, in which the pros compete against one another.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And for the 2022 Asian Games, e-sport is already part of the official programme.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But is it even a real sport?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For many people, this notion certainly takes some getting used to.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ingo Froböse also grappled with this question for a long time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the professor at the German Sports University of Cologne, e-sport is a sport, because it is competitive and features many biological and physical reactions that one also finds in classic sport – for example, a raised heart rate, stress responses, hormonal changes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, it requires cognitive capabilities, technical and tactical understanding and an ability to react quickly.
neutral	the console	Professional gamers ought to train not only on the console, but also their bodies, and should pay attention to their diet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"A fit player is a good player."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Froböse sees problems too though: "Doping is becoming more and more of an issue".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For online games it is difficult to implement testing, and the scene is lacking the structures of the classic sport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The scientist positively stresses the highly integrative effect of e-sport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The players travel internationally, it is like a big global family, and there are no intercultural barriers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A study from consultancy firm Deloitte and the Federal Association of Interactive Entertainment Software (BIU) predicts rapid growth for the e-sport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2016, it turned over 50 million euros in Germany, many through advertising, sponsorship and big tournaments.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In three years, the turnover should total 130 million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Compared to the almost 2.4 billion euros of the football Bundesliga that is admittedly scant.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, the e-sport is "no longer far off other established sports like handball, basketball or ice hockey," write the Deloitte consultants.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Many countries internationally are already further ahead.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Big markets are Asia and the USA, where ex-basketball player Shaquille O`Neal and baseball star Alex Rodriguez are involved in the US team NRG eSports.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher is investing in the e-sport bookmaker Unikrn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In Europe too, quite a bit is happening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	E-sport has been introduced to the curriculum in a Norwegian school, says Froböse.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the Netherlands and in France, the top division football clubs are now committed to setting up an e-sport department, according to Dutt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Compared with the rest of Europe, Germany is lagging behind," declares VfB board member, Röttgermann.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Simply to slide back into nostalgia and romanticise the old days is no longer enough these days.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's about preserving the tradition of the club while at the same time aligning the business with the modern market.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We are living in a digitalised world," says Dutt as well.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"So you can't cling on to the idea that only in football, everything stays as it always was."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Farewell poisoned eggs! The egg alternative for cooking and baking
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	By now, almost every Federal State has been affected by the scandal concerning poison-contaminated eggs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord have reacted and withdrawn all eggs from sale across the whole of Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only eggs that are proven not to contain Fipronil are to be stacked onto shelves.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy
female	A Massachusetts woman	A Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
female	five years	Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.
male	Conrad Roy	Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	My son was my best friend."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
female	Carter	Dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
female	life	"She ended his life to better her own.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She has not accepted responsibility," she said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"She has shown no remorse."
female	Carter	But Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."
female	Judge Lawrence Moniz	However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
male	sisters	I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.
male	Camdyn Roy	Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
female	the rest	"Not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
male	Carter	The case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.
male	the two weeks	"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.
female	Conrad	In the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."
female	Carter	Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The case has divided legal opinion.
female	Carter	Among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ms Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Joshua Kimmich: Learning from FC Bayern's new mini Lahm
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is no coincidence that Joshua Kimmich was allowed to take to the field as captain at the Audi Cup.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	FC Bayern thinks the Confederations Cup winner is capable of a big season – a bit of extra motivation doesn't hurt.
male	Joshua Kimmich	Something was different there at his place in the dressing room; Joshua Kimmich noticed that immediately, even if the extra piece of kit was very, very small.
male	Manuel Neuer	But since on the second day of the Audi Cup there was of course no Philipp Lahm anywhere to be seen, and no Manuel Neuer either, he simply put the band he'd been allocated on his arm.
male	The coach	"The coach didn't announce it", explained the Confederations Cup winner later, after his first outing as Bayern captain.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sure, the debut could have gone better than the 0:2 against SSC Napoli.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But Kimmich could also interpret the signal from the coach as follows.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Out of the C team of youth players, debutants and pros just back from the holidays, it was not the eight-years-older Arturo Vidal that was chosen as captain, but him.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Indeed, it is those that one thinks capable, those who one wants to keep happy that one likes to give treats to the most.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And anyone chosen to take on the mantel of Lahm can do only too well with a little bit of extra motivation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Kimmich confirmed: "That is what one wants as a player: to take on responsibility."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The 22-year-old darted over the field like a mini Lahm on Wednesday.
male	the white armband	Right back, that's his position now; the white armband cast its habitual spell.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And in general, Kimmich looked in this starting formation like one who is best able to take to the helm.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He gave instructions, attempted to steer the out-of-practice troop.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He had an eye for the bigger picture while many others were busied with themselves.
neutral	Sebastian Rudy	Vidal to cover up his lack of fitness (didn't really work); Renato Sanches to live up to his performances of the Asia trip (worked, but to a limited extent); and Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Süle to not make a negative impression on their first outings in the Bayern jersey.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That worked out quite well though.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Süle took to the field alongside Kimmich, Rudy in front of the defence – both performed excellently.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The renowned Napoli attack often made heavy weather of it, and on top of that, Süle made a couple of successful attempts as the game developed.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His team mate, Rudy, admitted that the result "was not what we had hoped for".
male	performance	But he too showed a decent performance on his debut.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shifting play, changing pace: "That's the style I was brought in for".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Just how unused to new arrivals this Bayern world is could be seen after the match.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rudy, for example, gave not one or two, but as many as six or seven interviews in the tunnels.
male	Kimmich	Kimmich took his leave after a few crisp remarks in support of his new team mates.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There was an interesting sentence to be heard from Süle there: "I've already noticed what went wrong here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At Bayern, you just have to win every game."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He doesn't have to teach the newbies that anymore though.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Alaba motivates the ÖFB women
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	David Alaba believes our ÖFB women will be successful
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Austria's most famous footballer spoke up shortly before the game and wished the ÖFB women all the best.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bayern legionnaire is, after all, practically a club mate of the ÖFB captain Schnaderbeck, and cheers our ladies on.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The tweet from the Austrian Footballer of the Year and Champions League winner was intended to give a special injection of motivation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Our ladies could perhaps also do with a bit of that famous Bayern luck.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Companies happy with Rhineland-Palatinate minister: Industry praises Wissing's speed
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The relationship between the state and local industry often proved irreconcilable when Evaline Lemke (The Greens) was still Rhineland Palatinate's Economic Affairs Minister.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is evident after more than a year of the new Economic Affairs Minister, Volker Wissing (FDP) being in office.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Chambers and companies from the region are responding to a TV enquiry by speaking of a change in economic policy – and at the same time rebuke the old minister.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Frank Natus, chairman of the association of Trier companies Vereinigung Trierer Unternehmen (VTU) says: "Wissing is addressing the wishes of the industry, all of which Lemke blocked."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Natus considers the biggest U-turn to be in infrastructure policy: linking the A1 motorway between Kelber and Adenau is now right at the top of the state's list of priorities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Ministry hopes that planning procedures will be in place this year already, and the construction rights should hold until 2021.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Trier western bypass also plays a role in the state's plans, being in the priority need category of The Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The goal is to put the stretch into service in December 2020, says ministry spokesperson Cornelia Holtmann.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Natus sees in this a roadmap for supporting regional, but internationally competitive, companies.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Trier Chamber of Industry and Commerce (IHK) is striving, as spurred on by Wissing, to achieve a Rhineland-Palatinate label for wine, in order to increase sales in supermarkets and stop the trend of the last ten years of sagging German wine exports.
neutral	IHK	In addition, Wissing is said to have a sympathetic ear for people who want to found their own company, the IHK applauded.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Trier Chamber of Trades sees an additional incentive for young trainees in the new master bonus, says manager Matthias Schwalbach.
neutral	graduates	A prize of 1000 euros is envisaged for passing the master craftsman examination, and 2500 euros if graduates become self-employed within ten years of their master craftsman training.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The state's list of homework assignments remains long though.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Facts have to presented quickly for the road construction planned, and at the same time the state is lacking the necessary human resources, says Jan Glockauer, Managing Director of the Trier IHK.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Of the 56 new engineers that Wissing wants to employ at the Federal State Office for Mobility, only 29 posts have been filled thus far.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The IHK is pressing for more contracts to be awarded to external offices.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Deputy leader of the CDU parliamentary faction Christian Baldauf points to calculations from the Court of Auditors: in 2017 and 2018, the state is investing more than 20 million euros less on maintaining federal state roads than recommended.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Frank Natus is also still expecting the state to put forward a policy as to how it wants to remedy the lack of skilled workers in the region.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Also sobering is the expansion of broadband in the state up until now.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2016, in an IHK survey, local companies had evaluated the mains supply with a mark of only 3.4.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They complained about sluggish internet connections and outages.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ex-Minister of Economic Affairs Eveline Lemke, on the other hand, is currently out of politics and is still sitting on the supervisory board of wind energy company Pro Wind.
female	Lemke	Lemke left the Green party in April in order to become president of a private university in Karlsruhe – from where, after four months, she has already bid a retreat due to disagreements.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Audi to Modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
neutral	Mercedes	Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	None of the companies described the moves as recalls.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The raft on the Isar had this message on Saturday
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city wants to protect the Isar.
neutral	a special message	So that visitors to Isar play their part, a raft travelled through Munich on Saturday morning with a special message.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Anyone drawn to the Isar again on Saturday will see a large raft there, between Flaucher and the Reichenbach bridge.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	An no normal raft that is, with Isar tourists.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rather, the building department wants to get a message across.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is a large information banner to be seen on the raft.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It depicts a mountain of rubbish.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The prelude to a publicity campaign that wants to call upon visitors to Isar.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Using the motto "True love is...", the aim is to strengthen understanding for the Isar as a wild river deserving of protection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Last summer, the raft travelled over the Isar already, and this year too, there are further campaigns and measures to bring about thoughtful and environmentally aware behaviour.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mordillo's bulbous noses and laughing in the face of sorrow
male	Mordillo	Mordillo was for a while one of the most-published cartoonists; his figures' bulbous noses are his trade mark.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even at 85, the Argentinian still draws and is working on a film.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His message: Laughing, "Because there's too much sorrow in the world."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Guillermo Mordillo was born on 4th August 1932 in Buenos Aires, the son of a Spanish immigrant.
male	an illustrator	In his first years as an artist he struggled along as an illustrator for celebration cards, amongst other things – which frustrated him.
male	The happiest day	"The happiest day in my professional life was the day I lost my job," he once said.
male	Stern	Following posts in Lima, New York and Paris, at the end of the 60s he finally got his breakthrough: when his cartoons were published in "Paris Match" and then in the "Stern" as well, and other leading magazines around the world.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Even in China, Mordillo found many fans.
male	The artist	The artist always let himself be inspired by cities.
male	Big Ben	Large, rounded Mordillo figures cavort around in his drawings with the leaning tower of Pisa, Big Ben in London and the Red Square in Moscow.
male	today	In the early morning, he sits at his drawing desk, still today according to his own statements, and works almost ten hours a day.
male	soft toys	On calendars, puzzles, books for young and old, t-shirts, soft toys and clocks, his whimsical figures are still disseminated widely around the world.
male	TV series	In addition, he has been working for six years on an animated film and a TV series with his figures.
male	Mordillo	The main character in the film "Crazy Island" is a giraffe – Mordillo's favourite animal in his drawings – who has a millipede as his nemesis.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His figures are speaking for the first time in the 3D film, which should hit cinema screens in 2019.
neutral	exactly what	“I don’t know exactly what they are going to say; it is odd for me," says Mordillo.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The screenplay was not written by him.
male	the TV series	Therefore he is focussing rather on the TV series, which, like his original drawings, is being produced without words.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Provence lavender under threat from climate change
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "Lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This affects the lifespan of lavender.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And a lot is at stake.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So we have fewer parts with essential oil."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The small town of Geisa in the Thuringian Rhön Mountains is today celebrating its 1200-year anniversary.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The highlight of the festivities will be this Saturday and Sunday, with a Medieval festival.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On these days, you should be able to experience grocers, guilds, merchants, vagrants or a Landsknecht camp in the town centre.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
neutral	Riodoce	The staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.
neutral	their own tragedy	But on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.
neutral	their routines	It's important to change their routines, they are told.
neutral	Two senior journalists	Two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.
neutral	bodies	There is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, more and more of them are journalists: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists; 589 under federal protection after attacks and threats; and so far this year, at least seven dead in seven states.
neutral	Riodoce	Among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
male	Valdez	"The greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His absence is felt deeply, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez displaying his middle finger, with the word "Justice," hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building; two reporters on their 30s, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that display his smiling, bespectacled face or his trademark Panama hat.
neutral	The workshop	The workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.
neutral	Riodoce	At Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.
male	this workshop	"It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"As long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as Twelfth River.
male	The gunman	The gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Valdez was 50 years old.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He left a wife and two adult children.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.
male	Riodoce	Despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He believes two errors contributed to the killing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	First there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.
neutral	The piece	The piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.
male	Valdez	The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.
male	Valdez	Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
male	colleagues	He'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.
neutral	readers	Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.
male	Valdez	That same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He freely acknowledged that he was frightened.
male	CPJ	"I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
male	Sinaloa	Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They relied on his routine.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He would always wear his hat.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.
male	his love	Now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
neutral	their clean businesses	"They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trusting one's instincts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If it smells wrong, stay away.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."
neutral	Veracruz	The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The landscape constantly shifts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
male	governor	Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.
male	El Flaco	"Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
neutral	Valdez's office	Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.
neutral	Valdez	At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.
male	cahoots	In his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.
neutral	Ramirez	"In Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."
female	A computer keyboard	A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"
neutral	Some journalists	Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a wrenching decision.
neutral	the streets	It's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.
neutral	women	And sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.
male	Mexico	"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
neutral	Riodoce	At midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.
neutral	Riodoce	From the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The front page would have to be changed the next day.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.
neutral	the police officers	Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	If they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.
male	Riodoce	Beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.
female	Bojorquez	"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.
neutral	its scaly skin	It was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.
male	Shawn Funk	It was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.
male	fossil	The fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	'It will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	By studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armour across its body.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.
neutral	oceans	At that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	'This nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	'The result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	You don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.
neutral	Tyrannosaurus rex	Although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.
male	Shawn Funk	The creature was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I can count the scales on its sole.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the storm: pile-up on the A8: four injured
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Serious accident on Thursday evening on the A8: just shy of 30 vehicles were caught up in a mass collision.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are numerous people injured, kilometre-long queues – and rubberneckers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the motorway between Stuttgart and Munich (A8), around 20 people were injured late on Thursday afternoon in a mass collision.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to initial police information, just shy of 30 vehicles, among which were probably also lorries, had crashed into each other during a storm at around 5pm between the Adelzhausen and Odelzhausen junctions (in the rural district of Aichach-Friedberg).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No information is initially available about the precise number of injured people.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are mild to moderate injuries, said a police spokesperson.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There was a big squad of rescue vehicles at the scene of the accident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The A8 was completely closed in the direction of Munich.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A roughly 10-km long tailback formed in the direction travelling towards Munich.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As an AZ journalist reports, there were massive disruptions in the opposite lane as well – due to numerous rubberneckers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The fire brigade noted down the registration numbers of the drivers, who are now expecting severe penalties.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shortly after 6.45pm, there was then a second accident on the A8, this time between Augsburg and Dasing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A collision between a car transporter and a passenger car had occurred.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A rescue helicopter was underway to the scene of the accident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Deutsche Bahn: Company trials "comfort check-in"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is a moment that practically everyone has experienced at one time or another: without expecting it, you're sitting in the train asleep.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Or one is buried deep in one's work and has just had a genius idea.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And then: bang.
male	The conductor	The conductor comes and rudely awakens you, or tears the passenger from the midst of his workflow.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ticket inspection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the days of being interrupted will soon be over.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Deutsche Bahn is currently trialling conductorless ticket inspection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One simply uses one's mobile to confirm that one has taken one's seat, thereby validating the ticket.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trial operations are currently running on two lines.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If the service is well-received, we'll extend it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It will then probably be available at the beginning of next year on many additional long-distance lines across Germany," said a spokesperson for the railway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The railway is calling this conductorless ticket validation "Comfort Check-in".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In order to use it, however, a few conditions must be met: you need a smartphone or a tablet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And you have to have booked an online ticket – which most passengers do already anyway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition, you have to have bought it over the Railway's app, the DB Navigator, which is the most convenient way to book a ticket in any case.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And lastly, you need a seat reservation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For "Comfort Check-in" works like this: you get on board the train and call up your ticket in "My Tickets".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trial customers will then see a button for electronic validation.
neutral	The train attendants	The train attendants receive a notification on their mobile device saying that passenger X is onboard the train and has occupied booked seat Y.
male	the train attendant	If the train attendant comes to seat Y during ticket inspection, he knows that there is a passenger there with an already validated online ticket.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So you can carry on sleeping, working, doing nothing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The "Check-in" has two advantages: one for customers, and one for the railway – which, in turn, should benefit passengers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Anyone who wants to travel in a relaxed fashion, without having his/her ticket inspected by our on-train staff, simply checks in him/herself in the DB Navigator.
neutral	DB Fernverkehr	This allows passengers to personalise their journey time in the train," says Michael Peterson, Director of Marketing at DB Fernverkehr.
neutral	employees	A second plus: "And our employees will have more time than they currently do to see to the needs of individual customers".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Anyone who travels by train a lot knows that, alongside delays and missing your train, ticket inspection is one of the biggest annoyances.
neutral	documentation	For often you yourself, or, in any case, one of your fellow passengers, doesn't have all the documentation on them that one needs to validate an online ticket.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Either the credit card is missing, or the ID card, or some other document that one needs to show.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The result is endless discussions between the train attendant and passenger, which leads to a bad atmosphere in the compartment or wider area and delays in one's own ticket getting checked, and ultimately it takes away the conductor's time to see to other matters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Only a small number of trial customers can use the new service as of yet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And only on the connections ICE 915, between Dortmund and Stuttgart, and ICE 912, between Stuttgart and Essen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Other train numbers on the same line have not yet been enabled.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'
female	Brittany Ferrell	On Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.
female	St. Louis	Just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.
female	Facebook	Confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
female	A user	A user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.
female	her community	But death was nothing new for her and her community.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield Drive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
male	another video	In another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In that moment I felt chills.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I was angry and crying."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
neutral	Ferguson	After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.
neutral	Ferrell	As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."
female	black people	"You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.
female	the next black woman-child	Even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
female	a disservice	I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."
neutral	activists	The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.
female	Ferrell	There Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
female	St. Louis	"My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I had no experience in organizing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It all just came."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.
female	Folayan	Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.
neutral	their voices	As Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."
male	Damon Davis	Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."
female	Ferrell	While the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.
female	Ferrell	As a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.
female	Ferrell	"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.
female	the person	"She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.
female	woman	"It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.
female	energy	You can feel her energy through the screen."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."
female	Ferguson	Still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is our duty to win.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We must love and support each other.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We have nothing to lose but our chains."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	From "dream" to "megalomania": TV readers discuss the Bit Galerie
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Bit Galerie is moving people although it is still far from being built.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the idea of a shopping centre at the south end of the pedestrian zone has been splitting the population into those for and against since its first presentation in 2009.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is barely anyone left indifferent to the matter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The topic is also being discussed on our Facebook page, "Volksfreund Bitburg".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Whereas some say of the Bit Galerie, "That would be a dream" (Anja Becker) or, "That would be really fantastic" (Nicole Schausten), from the other side we hear, "No-one needs that" (Siggi Betzen) or, put quite bluntly: "Megalomania!" (Lars Scholz).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Whilst those in favour count on the gallery drawing more customers into the town, which would benefit the other businesses as well, opponents fear that the pedestrian zone will then be haemorrhaged.
neutral	farmers	In addition: The gallery is being planned for exactly the plot where the covered farmers' market is, where 13 direct sellers offer their products.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When construction begins, that will be the end of that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Galerie creators want to integrate a covered market into the new building – and, indeed, towards Beda Platz, with the possibility of sitting outside.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Simone Zimmer: "We have been shopping almost weekly in the covered market for years now.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Principally our eggs, but also, always with great pleasure, the delicious cakes of our rural women.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We have also discovered the butcher's for ourselves.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We hope that also while the Galerie is being built, but above all after, there will be the chance to maintain this offering.
neutral	cities	That's what they have in other cities too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The small covered market in Frankfurt, in particular, is interesting."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Gerd Densing: "Whether direct sellers settle in a covered market in the gallery depends on the level of the rent.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But that is not exactly likely to be low for the new project."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Eva Kilic: "Why a shopping palace in Bitburg?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Whether clothing, shoes, drug stores or supermarkets: I find it unnecessary.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are plenty of those in our city already.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One sees, though, how many shop premises stand empty here – some for months and years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, since there is not even a regular weekly market here, it is all the more important that we at least get to keep the covered market.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For after all, the goods on offer there are fresh, are largely offered directly by the producer, and are good value to boot.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As you see, shop premises in shopping centres are only rented by big companies, because the rents there are often not tenable for retail traders.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Shame – there are hardly any specialist shops left any more and those that are still around will then probably also disappear."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wolf Fandel: "A shopping centre with a covered market doesn't match up for me.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And the Galerie doesn't suit Bitburg.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In particular: Where should the covered market go while construction is ongoing?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The old Edeka would be the solution – even in the long term, if the Bit Galerie does actually arrive eventually.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Or is the spectre of the Bit Galerie managing even ahead of time to drive all businesses out of Bitburg?"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	George Marquet: "It simply will not work.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And a shopping centre that stands empty – no-one needs that either.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In my opinion, it would be better to support a proper farmers' market, instead of this Galerie.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But there is no space left for a covered market thanks to the crazily large number – as I see it – of pointless construction projects in Bitburg
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If the covered market is destroyed, then another piece of culture will disappear."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.
female	Heather Dewey	The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.
male	Dewey-Hagborg	It's the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combines her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose sentence was commuted by Barack Obama when he had just three days left in office.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	By algorithmically analyzing DNA extracted from Manning and using it to create 30 portraits of what someone with that genomic data might look like, Dewey-Hagborg has created a trenchant, if somewhat cerebral, commentary on not only the malleability of DNA data - the many ways it can be interpreted, and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also identity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six Espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.
female	Manning	From prison, her image was repressed, so much so that there was just one photo - a granular, black-and-white selfie in which Manning, visibly uneasy, sits in a driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she became associated.
female	Dewey-Hagborg	In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger Visions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.
female	Paper Magazine	That was when she received an email from Paper Magazine.
neutral	Chelsea Manning	"They were conducting an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
female	DNA portrait	And she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.
female	The artist	The artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They even created a comic book, Suppressed Images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."
female	Manning	In an artist statement written on the gallery's wall, Manning's super-sized signature below it (the "i" in her last name dotted with a heart), called for an end to the "automatic factionalism that gender, race, sexuality, and culture have been the basis of."
female	Gs	On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"What I'm hoping that people will take away from this is that our genome doesn't care about who we are, and how open genetic data is to interpretation, how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories, is also on display.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.
neutral	your speech	"When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"So never shut up."
female	" the artist	"It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I get goosebumps still talking about it."
female	Manning	Manning hasn't seen the exhibition in-person yet - as was so presciently imagined in the comic book - but when she does, she'll be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra congregated like hordes of protesters.
female	Manning	That was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
neutral	portraits	"In the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.
female	Chelsea	"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Northwestern Professor and Oxford University Employee Wanted for Homicide
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.
neutral	Wyndham Lathem	On Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
male	the victim	Officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.
neutral	authorities	A spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."
male	Warren	The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
male	Anthony Guglielmi	Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.
neutral	Guglielmi	"Police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Police described the scene as very gruesome.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.
male	Warren	Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"A certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code Compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
male	the International Olympic Committee IOC	And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	All measures have been implemented.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Aldi is selling no more eggs for the time being
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This was announced by the corporate group.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is a purely precautionary measure, and beyond that, no adverse effects on health can be assumed, said the announcement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With immediate effect, only eggs that have been proven to test negatively for fipronil-containing anti-lice agent may be delivered to Aldi.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With the move, Aldi wanted to create clarity and transparency for its customers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber
female	Amy Errett	Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.
female	the process	And even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
female	help	So she called in outsiders for help.
neutral	human resources start-ups	A new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.
neutral	licensing software	By building and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, they allow companies to do snap polls, target specific teams and demographic groups, offer employees anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistle-blowers to bypass C-suite executives and go straight to the board of directors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"You've now got tools such as Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where's the Fitbit for your company?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
female	Errett	Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.
female	the company	In addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.
neutral	Companies	Companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Uber recently signed up as a client.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
female	an employee	Previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
neutral	companies	But it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.
male	people	"Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
neutral	software	Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	These investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.
neutral	today's employees	There's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.
neutral	Employees	Employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.
neutral	that company	"When people are happy to be at a company, feel their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is rewarding, they are more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of global benefits and employee experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.
neutral	Investors	Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.
neutral	their feedback	In fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If you're going to ask for 4,000 suggestions, you need to be prepared to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Do you care?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And if you don't care, why should I care?' "
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.
female	the company	And, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.
neutral	the toil	Some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.
neutral	the Wasserman Football Center	Players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.
neutral	The NCAA's elimination	The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.
male	Mora	Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.
neutral	Mora	"We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.
neutral	kids	"And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We will have security," Mora said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But we'll have security there and we'll have security up in Parking Lot 8.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We'll do the best we can with what we got.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm not going to worry too much about it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We have a plan in place."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news
neutral	third-party fact checkers	Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.
neutral	hoaxes	The company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
neutral	social media networks	The issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
neutral	people	"In addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
male	years	"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Spanning the middle ages to the Edwardian era, A Castle in England documents the families that lived in Scotney, with each story illustrated by a different, upcoming UK artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
male	Rhodes	It is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
male	Jacobites	"I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.
male	his thumbprint	"That's his thumbprint!
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ah, I love archives!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.
male	his days	Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then at night, he'd "drink whiskey and get writing."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
male	Rhodes	When Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Just let it go, guys!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' Revolt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Maybe the two are connected?"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
male	The Smuggler	Or The Smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).
neutral	Scotney	The Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
neutral	generations	Different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."
male	Rhodes	With his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But Scotney holds a special place for him.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	"I was sad to leave," he says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Campaign launched: over 300-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf encased
neutral	Rundschau	By encasing the 301-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf, the town of Bad Honnef launched their campaign to introduce a new umbrella brand (Thursday's Rundschau).
male	Mayor Otto Neuhoff	Mayor Otto Neuhoff and his marketing team, led by Nelson Artz, want to keep the logo and slogan a secret still, until Thursday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the end of August, as the climax of the campaign, there is to be a festival on the island of Grafenwerth.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Too beautiful for us,
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	are you?" The campaign authors have been asking this, on posters on the Rhöndorf chapel, since yesterday.
neutral	website	"We don't really think that (of course!)," they write on their website, activated yesterday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"But we are using this initiative to get your attention.
neutral	some things	And to bring home that some things are better than they seem.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In actual fact, we are firmly convinced that we, as residents of Bad Honnef, are well aware of the beauty and attractiveness of our town."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The initiative is about more than "just" a logo and a slogan, it continues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"A stand-alone pledge has to be formulated, one that lends the town an unmistakable unique selling point."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ultimately, it is in competition with other municipalities.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The town of Bad Honnef has given itself a moderate five-figure amount for the costs of its new umbrella brand and the campaign.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Military reform in Turkey – Erdogan's fear of the army
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Every year in Ankara at the beginning of August, the highest military council (YAS) advises on retirements and promotions in the officer corps.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So too this week.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At first glance, a normal procedure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But nothing is routine in the Turkish armed forces one year after the coup attempt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The meeting was no longer held in the general staff building as previously, but rather in the Prime Minister's official residence.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Taking part in the discussions chaired by the head of government were now also the five vice premiers, as well as the ministers for defence, the interior, justice, and foreign affairs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The civilians were thus in the majority in the YAS.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The government is tightening the reins on the military.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Chief of Staff Hulusi Akar remains in office, but the commanders of the army, the air force and the marines were removed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since the failed coup, head of state Erdogan has fired 169 of the 326 generals and admirals.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Over 10,000 soldiers were removed from the ranks of the army – mostly due to alleged connections to the movement of exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom Erdogan sees as the mastermind behind the coup attempt.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As of this week in Ankara, trials are being held against 486 people who are said to have been directly involved in the coup attempt.
male	Erdogan	Already on the day after the coup, Erdogan described the attempt at overthrow as a "gift from God", since it gives him the opportunity to "completely cleanse" the armed forces.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But does Erdogan really have control over the army?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the end of February, the newspaper "Hürriyet" published an article with the headline "Unease in the military headquarters".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are concerns among the general staff of an increasing "Islamisation" of the army, which manifests itself, among other ways, in the lifting of the headscarf ban for female soldiers, wrote the paper.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The big clean-up of the army and the security forces is continuing anyway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the middle of July, Erdogan fired, by decree, an additional 7395 public servants, among whom were 2303 policeman and 546 soldiers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In doing so, it seems as if Erdogan has tamed the military.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Previously, the generals were deemed the true authorities in the country.
neutral	guardians	Three times they staged a coup, invoking their role as guardians of the secular state order.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After an election victory in 2002, Erdogan has been pushing back the strength of the military bit by bit, not least by invoking the reform guidelines of the European Union.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Former officers say that Erdogan is purposefully promoting Islamisation of the armed forces.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the magazine "Vocal Europe", an unnamed officer, who sought asylum abroad after the attempted coup out of fear of persecution, warned that the Turkish army would be "full of extremists and Salafists" in a few years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If that is true, Nato would not be able to be indifferent to such a development.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In any case, after the purges, there is doubt in the alliance concerning the Turkish army's readiness for action.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The governance structures and operational capabilities are "weakened", say Nato diplomats.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Washington Changes the Green Card Rules
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.
neutral	English	This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Minister wants line renovated for Rennsteig shuttle
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In recent months, there have been constant arguments about the future of the Rennsteig shuttle – now it is said to be moving very quickly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are plans to build on the dilapidated stretch of track, on which the tourist trains travel, before the end of the year still.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In order to ensure the long-term future of the Rennsteig shuttle, construction works should begin on the line this year already, according to reports from the Ministry of Transport.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"In taking the decision to continue to commission and to renovate the Ilmnau-Rennsteig line, the state acknowledges that this is an important connection, above all for tourism," stated Transport Secretary Klaus Sühl on Friday in Erfurt.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He estimated the costs for the repairs to the line to be around 2.5 million euros.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The state is taking on 75 per cent of this amount.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The contract, on the basis of which, the shuttle is to be commissioned by the state in the future as well, is currently being finalised, explained Sühl.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ministry and Süd-Thüringen Bahn, as operators, are said to already be in agreement over the technical details.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The timetable, the vehicles used and the quality standards have thus been negotiated," said Sühl.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The planned contract between the ministry and the train company is being concluded for a period of eleven years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Rennsteig shuttle should therefore be commissioned as normal from December 2017.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Rennsteig shuttle is a train connection between the stations of Ilmenau and Rennsteig, beloved above all by tourists.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In past months, as part of a pilot operation, there were tests to see whether the line gets used by a large enough number of people for it to continue to be commissioned as normal in the future.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The line is very run-down in places.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yep.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Sex robots are a big deal right now.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.
neutral	artificial intelligence	According to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.
neutral	the companies	"People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.
neutral	Modern sex dolls	Modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.
neutral	The user	The user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.
neutral	RealBotix	The RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True Companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True Companion website enthuses.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	So she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She also has moods during the day just like real people!
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on Frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On its website, True Companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.
neutral	sex robots	Most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.
neutral	many people	And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.
neutral	robots	But, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are pleasant slaves, in other words.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Trump's great feat?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
female	White House	With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.
male	Trump	The left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.
male	Trump	When we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.
male	Trump	There is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.
male	Mitt Romney	I find myself actively nostalgic these days for Mitt Romney's quaint version of crazy - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem very mild offences indeed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	While my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.
neutral	The horses	The horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss Cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.
neutral	their 40s	The Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.
female	The poor woman	The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.
male	cell	Last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.
male	Pistorius	Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.
neutral	their intention	Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.
male	his sentence	Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is no death penalty in South Africa.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When farmer Arnold found a curious egg
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the last amongst the schools in Blumberg, the fourth graders from Fützen and Epfenhofen were let go for the holidays and sent forth for secondary schools.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Three of the graduating students will be going to the Gymnasium secondary school, and four to the Realschule.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	School headteacher Angelika Sitte greeted parents and public representatives in the Biesental community centre in Epfenhofen on Tuesday evening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As a symbol for the school graduation, the 29 students from the fourth grade, under the leadership of Sophia Schumacher and Regine Meder, chose an eagle that is growing up in the chicken yard, but will be then released into the wild.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Added to this, the lively bunch performed a musical with the title "The Eagle in the Chicken Yard."
male	Farmer Arnold	Farmer Arnold found a curious egg and had his chickens hatch it.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Instead of a chick, a small eagle emerged.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Yet hopes of making a chicken out of it were dashed; the eagle spread its wings out on a high mountain and vanished.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Afterwards, grades three and four performed a chicken dance, staged by Yvonne Frank.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The hens danced in competition with the young roosters, who were wearing top hats.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The eagle stands for integration, said headteacher Angelika Sitte.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The young animals may well be different from the other young animals (chicks), but belongs amongst them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Though it will never be like a chicken.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is its destiny to be free.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She wished for every fourth grader that he/she would feel accepted in his/her new school.
female	thanks	There followed a word of thanks to her colleagues, the former headteacher Michael Müller, who is always filling in when there are teacher shortages, and the parent representatives.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The time as chicks is now over, explained class teacher Sophia Schumacher.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She releases her students only very reluctantly, after two years of teaching, for it has been a really fantastic time.
female	the fourth graders	In the end, she was able to depend on the fourth graders.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To close, all the students raised a song, with Summertime and Holiday Time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That brought out a lot of joy from the children.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There are already eight first graders registered for the new school year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.
neutral	investigation	The same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Checks will continue throughout the season.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Software update for diesel vehicles: What those affected now need to know
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How exactly is the software update taking place?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Do diesel drivers have to take part in the initiative?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The most important questions and answers at a glance.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the Diesel summit, BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW Group offered software updates for around 5.3 million cars in total.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They are intended to improve exhaust emission properties for cars classed under Euro emissions standard 5, and, some under Euro 6.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Euro 4 diesel or worse are excluded.
female	ACE Auto Club Europa	Anja Smetanin from ACE Auto Club Europa gives her assessment:
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is the new initiative compulsory?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No, the brokered software updates are voluntary.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The compulsory updates prior to this apply only to vehicles that have emissions test scamming software," says Anja Smetanin.
neutral	KBA	The Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA) has ordered that they be retrofitted.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How and from when are customers being notified of updates?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The manufacturers have announced that there will be swift implementation in the coming months, but have not specified any precise deadline yet.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Daimler has advised those affected to write to them.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If an inspection is due anyway, this will be settled during the course of that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How long are the retrofittings likely to drag on for altogether?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Difficult to say," says Smetatnin.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It depends on the commitment of the manufacturers and political pressure.
neutral	car manufacturers	"For we have seen that thus far, car manufacturers have not been acting of their own accord when it comes to matters of the environment."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How long should the update last?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The retrofitting itself could last only three to four hours in the garage.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It could be more laborious getting an appointment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What do car drivers do who don't drive a car by BMW, Daimler, Opel or the VW Group?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ACE advises waiting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Foreign manufacturers would apparently follow suit, said Smetanin.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is there now the threat of a massive price collapse in Euro 4 cars?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ACE fears that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But just in those regions where there are threats of driving bans.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In rural areas, there have as yet been no drops in value for older diesel cars.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The ACE advises still waiting before selling.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	LL Cool J receives Kennedy Center honours
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Kennedy Awards Gala is one of the most glamorous events in Washington.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The first honours ceremony under President Trump promises to get political.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One of the award winners does not want to come – out of protest.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	LL Cool J (49) is the first rapper to receive one of the coveted awards of the renowned Kennedy Center.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As the cultural establishment announced on Thursday, singers Gloria Estefan (59) and Lionel Richie (68), as well as choreographer Carmen de Lavallade (86) and the TV producer Norman Lear (95) are also among those being honoured.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The awards are handed over at the beginning of December.
male	Melania	As is tradition, US President Donald Trump will host a reception and will take part in the presentation of awards, together with his wife Melania.
male	Lear	For this reason, the award-winner Lear, made famous by a series of TV shows, already announced that he would not be attending the gala.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He said to the "New York Times": "This presidency has decided to completely turn its back on the arts and human rights – even take funding away from them – and that upsets me."
female	Estefan	The 59-year old Estefan stressed that she would use the conversation with Trump to make her point of view clear.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Kennedy Center, named after former president John F. Kennedy, is the biggest cultural establishment in the US capital.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Former prizewinners include Meryl Streep, Aretha Franklin, Robert De Niro, George Lucas, Tom Hanks and Sting.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We're making the city liveable
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Roland Wacker, municipal architect in Haslach, is going into retirement next year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The post has already been advertised – suitable applicants, though, are few and far between.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Wacker has been municipal architect for 31 years.
male	the work	And he still finds the work a lot of fun, as he conveys in the press meeting.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He reports of varied, but also demanding, tasks that await his successors.
male	the same time	At the same time, it surprises him that up until now no application has satisfied the job profile.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city is looking for an architect or civil engineer at the earliest possible opportunity.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This should then allow enough time for induction training – observing usual notice periods.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As Haslach serves as the lower board of building regulations for the joint association of administrations, applicants have to hold appropriate qualifications.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the town wants to maintain this role at all costs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If it could no longer fulfil it, citizens would have to travel to Offenburg for advice.
male	authorities	But accessibility for citizens is important to the town and to him too, says Wacker, who reports of a good working atmosphere and a cheerful mood between authorities and citizens.
male	Wacker	In more than 30 years in office, Wacker has amassed several significant projects that he looks back on with pride.
male	the city	"We're making the city liveable," is something he is certain of, re: the building authorities and his colleagues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But in the future too, there are diverse projects on the agenda: the redesign of a former Hukla plot and of the Niederhofen carpark, for example, have been initiated.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Kinzig bridge between Bollenbach and Steinach is being renovated, and refurbishment of the stadium is still a topic.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The latter alone will cost as much as 1.5 million euros "if we do it properly", estimates Wacker.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"All in all, there are great tasks awaiting my successor.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The work here is fun."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There is a lot of scope for creativity for a municipal architect.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With Haslach's own building yard and garden nursery, there is a lot that can be responded too with a high level of flexibility.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"One can affect a lot," says Wacker, and the design of the green spaces is often mentioned with praise by citizens and visitors.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since the old town as a whole has protected building status, it is important "to have an eye for what fits in" if new buildings are approved, stresses the outgoing municipal architect.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In any case, the municipal architect bears a lot of responsibility.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He is master of construction: "In the end, everything here passes by my desk".
male	Manfred Schöner	For support and coordination, he can count on years-old colleagues: Markus Neumaier (building construction) has been there ten years, Manfred Schöner (civil engineering), already 15 years.
male	Wacker	Wacker also hopes that his successor will stay a long time: "We are looking for someone who really identifies with the post and wants to stay".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For continuity is important not only for a good working atmosphere, but also for the future design of the city.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Anyone who wishes to take over from Roland Wacker should, according to the city of Haslach, be able to demonstrate completed studies as graduate engineer or a bachelors degree with a specialisation in architecture and should have good specialist knowledge in the fields of building regulations and planning laws.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The municipal planning and building control office is in charge of building construction and civil engineering, urban land-use planning, land acquisition affairs, management of municipal property, the municipal depot with building yard and city nursery, and the lower board of building regulations, including preservation of sites of historic interest.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Bicycle thrown onto cables: southern railway closed
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to police, the as-of-yet unknown perpetrator had thrown the blue bicycle onto the cables from the railway track overpass in the area of Leobener Straße (B116).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	These were so badly damaged in the course of this that the approaching freight train had to be stopped.
neutral	two male perpetrators	Investigators are proceeding on the assumption that there were two male perpetrators and have been looking for them since last night.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A pink scooter and bicyclist were observed near to the scene of the incident by witnesses.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This goes far beyond a roguish prank," said ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch to the APA.
neutral	The perpetrator	The perpetrator or perpetrators put themselves and the rail traffic in great danger.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In addition to the damage to the locomotive and facilities, as well as the time in delays and the costs for the rail replacement services, the perpetrators could also be faced with railway customers' penalty fees.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Altogether, one can expect a "considerable" sum, said the spokesman.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The damage was repaired on Friday afternoon and the rail traffic on the southern railway stretch was able to be operated without obstructions.
neutral	Almost ten passenger trains	Almost ten passenger trains were cancelled on Friday afternoon, two of them were long-distance trains.
neutral	Freight trains	Freight trains were not cancelled, although they were delayed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch, around 200 metres of overhead lines had to be replaced.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Insulators and masts were also damaged.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
neutral	gut	While sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.
neutral	mice	In experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
neutral	The more tryptophan	The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.
female	Dr Luisa Cervantes	Postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.
neutral	Mice	Mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
neutral	cells	It is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic
male	Manchester United	Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The £40m signing from Chelsea started the 2-1 win in Dublin, United's final preseason game before the Uefa Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holding role as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marauded forward at will.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	However, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.
male	Mourinho	"He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	"We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."
male	Mourinho	As well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.
male	Mourinho	The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.
male	the club	"To get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.
neutral	a great effort	"I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Boeing "paints" Dreamliner in the sky
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The US aeroplane manufacturer Boeing has painted the silhouette of a Dreamliner in the sky.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The pilots departed from Seattle in the US state of Washington, but the outline began in Marquette in the US state of Michigan and drew the shape of a Dreamliner over the USA – that's thousands of kilometres.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The campaign lasted 18 hours and one minute.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The shape of a Dreamliner could be seen on radar screens.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The whole thing was an endurance test for new engines.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Boeing hat already carried out such a promotion before.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The number "787" was painted in the sky, along with the Boeing logo.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	New low blow for Martin Schulz – Hanover, we have a problem
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How the wind changes: when Sigmar Gabriel was still SPD leader, Social Democratic Prime Ministers always looked, with a certain alarm, to Berlin before elections.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	No disturbances from party headquarters, no opposing winds from the state – that was the campaigners' biggest wish.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since Martin Schulz has been leading the party, that has fundamentally changed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since then, employees from the Willy-Brandt house have been observing the events in the SPD-governed state capitals with growing horror.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What Schulz has got from there since the beginning of the year, you couldn't even begin to describe as an opposing wind.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Those were low blows.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And one after the other at that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After the surprising end to the red-green majority in Lower Saxony, the federal CDU sees a general sign of a move away from coalitions of SPD and Greens.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This once again shows that Red-Green simply can't govern reliably," said CDU General Secretary Peter Tauber to Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The surprise resignation of a Green representative plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a stark crisis.
neutral	the opposition	Five months ahead of the state elections, his red-green coalition thus lost their one-vote majority over the opposition made up of CDU and FDP.
female	Lower Saxony Elke Twesten	The national head of the Greens, Michael Kellner, has called on defecting Green representative in Lower Saxony Elke Twesten to give up her seat.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The cross-over to the CDU represents a clear distortion of the voters' will.
female	Elke Twesten	Elke Twesten must immediately give up her seat", said national head and campaign leader for the Greens to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It just can't be true," sighed an SPD campaigner, when the bad news reached party headquarters on Friday afternoon.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Stephan Weil, SPD Prime Minister of Lower Saxony, is left without a governing majority after the cross-over of Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is the present crisis in a long line of big and small disasters in SPD state associations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And no-one knows what is coming next.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The misery began with the unexpectedly decisive defeat in the Saarland election in March.
neutral	the time	A black eye, no more, his comrades contented themselves at the time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After the state elections in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia, everything was going to be different.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And it was too – in fact, everything was significantly worse.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The defeat in Kiel brought the SPD into a tailspin, and the Düsseldorf washout bowled the party clean over.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their peers then picked themselves up again in the weeks afterwards, with some effort.
neutral	the G-20 summit	Then, just as they had regained new faith, came the G-20 summit in Hamburg.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And with that came the next low blow.
male	Mayor Olaf Scholz	Mayor Olaf Scholz, the last strong SPD regional leader, lost his halo that weekend because he was sitting in the Elbe Philharmonic hall while his city was burning.
male	the crisis talks	And because in the crisis talks afterwards, he pretty much did everything wrong that you can do wrong.
male	Scholz	Since then, Scholz has been fighting for his political survival.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And now Stephan Weil too.
male	the supervisory board	Thanks to the VW emissions scandal and his role on the supervisory board, the Lower Saxony Prime Minister had already been facing criticism for some time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Lousy poll results added to that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite that, or perhaps precisely because of that, Weil has been attempting ever more strongly in the last few weeks to make a mark in the federal government.
male	The former mayor	The former mayor of Hanover's attempts to build up his power in Berlin have not gone unnoticed by peers in Martin Schulz's entourage.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	They used to let him do as he liked, since they expected Weil to be a stabilising force for the party.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now, just the opposite may happen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In actual fact, Weil is not to blame for the Lower Saxony Greens' party-internal strife.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And Schulz is certainly not.
neutral	the time being	For the time being, therefore, their peers are taking pains to keep their ranks closed.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Their anger is directed towards the Greens, and above all, at the defecting parliamentarian Twesten.
female	Ms Twesten	"It is unacceptable and harmful to democracy how Ms Twesten places her own career interests above the interests of all others," says Matthias Miersch, head of the left wing in the SPD parliamentary group, to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
female	Ms Twesten	Ms Twesten was voted into parliament not for her person, as a direct candidate, but on a Lower Saxony Green Party ticket, continued the Lower Saxony member of parliament.
female	The logical conclusion	The logical conclusion would be for her to give up her seat.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD parliamentary group, deplored the "undemocratic manoeuvre".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The will of the voters four years ago was clear: the people made Stephan Weil Prime Minister," said Oppermann, who as frontrunner is leading the Lower Saxony SPD into the Bundestag elections, to the RND.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Now the personal career notions of a future CDU representative is distorting the electoral result," continued Oppermann.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He called for light to be shed on the circumstances surrounding the matter.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I want to know whether there was anything more there, or if additional commitments were made to the Lower Saxony CDU.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Grant money for Town Centre III
neutral	their outdated house	Anyone who wants to renovate their outdated house will soon be able to get support from the state.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Mayor Albert Schindler and three representatives for STEG urban development provided information about this on Wednesday in Empfingen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the beginning of the information session, Schindler once more cast a glimpse back to what has been the case so far.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Since 1991, there have been regeneration areas in Empfingen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Back then, in regeneration area I, from 1991 to 2004, the state of Baden Württemberg still took on two thirds of the grant amount.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	From 2005 to 2016, in regeneration area II, the subsidy still lay at 60 per cent.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For Schindler, the refurbishments up until this point have been a "successful project" – it is ultimately important to support interior development too, and not only develop new construction areas.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On 4th April, word was received from Karlsruhe regional council that there will be a regeneration area III.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The grant amount is 833,333 euros, of which, 500,000 euros is to come from the federal state, the rest, from the municipality of Emfingen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How does a regeneration area come about?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One will investigate, explains Schindler further, where the "truly old" houses are.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What also comes into play, however, is whether there is even any interest to renovate in the planned area at all.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If necessary, the area boundaries can also then be shifted again.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	STEG was represented on Wednesday evening by Martin Keller, Gaby Pietzschmann and Sarah Gotzel.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Keller presented the content of the government and federal state "Soziale Stadt" programme, within whose scope the refurbishments would then be implemented.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The core of the programme is the revitalisation of town centres, the improvement of living and working conditions and preservation and expansion of infrastructure.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The measures would be implemented on a property-specific, that is, per-premises, basis.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The regeneration area would then ultimately be laid down as statute.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The appropriation period for the subsidies has been running from 1st January 2017 and will continue to do so until 30th April 2026.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	First, however, stocktaking will be carried out until September of this year, as part of which, those with a stake in the regeneration area will receive a survey to fill out.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The resolution should preferably follow in November or December, so that refurbishments can be begun next year.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Pietzschmann then explained that every community must carry out the aforementioned preliminary studies.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It's about assessing the shortcomings in the urban design and deciding what will be renovated and to what extent.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A renovation comment will then be recorded in the land registry for each premises.
male	Empfingen	Pietzschmann will come to Empfingen again himself and get an idea of the location, he promised.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Gotzel stressed that the participation of those involved is an essential factor for the project's success.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is why there will be surveys, which will be sent to citizens by post in the coming weeks and can be filled out until the end of the summer holidays.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The yellow survey is the "building and property survey", which is about, among other things, the structural condition and the intentions for refurbishment.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the grey survey, the "budget and housing survey", information can be provided on the size, breakdown and residents of a living space.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The blue "business survey" is only filled out if business premises operate in the building.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It should be noted, however, Gotzel pointed out, that a filled-out survey is not at the same time an application for grant money.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What is more, new building initiatives are not eligible for funding.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Schindler also stressed that funding would be allocated on a "first-come, first-served" basis – the early bird gets the worm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is not possible to "reserve" grant money for later.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To conclude, photos of the "Town Centre II" project were shown, to "sell" the idea of refurbishment to those present.
male	inventor microchips	British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand
male	A British inventor	A British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.
male	Steven Northam	Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.
neutral	locks	Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.
male	The married father	The married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	White House Prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to TIME.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The White House Military Office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on the South Lawn for the "unusual" event, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.
male	Marine Deputy Commandant	"I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"One question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But even official events have political overtones.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
neutral	Presidents	Presidents are required to use them for travel.
neutral	a photo-op	But requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.
male	Trump	Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The White House is thrilled with the 'Made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South Lawn.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"To place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.
neutral	Sikorsky	"And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."
male	the helicopter	It wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.
male	Trump	Inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	TC BW Neuss faces tricky task
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is competing at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	TC Blau-Weiss Neuss is competing tomorrow in Kiel, from 11am, at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite still flawless results after five matches, the front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is maintaining a sense of reality.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Team boss Marius Zay has respect for the opponent at any rate.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"This is a compact team that always plays in very similar formation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the back positions, in particular, I find the team very good."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It is above all the imports from the high north that bring class and stability to Suchsdorfer SV.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"Their Danes and Finns can even point to Davis Cup appearances.
neutral	(Finnland	And they are also strong in doubles," says Zay, referring to Harri Heliovaara (Finnland), Andre Göransson (Sweden), Sören and Esben Olesen, Martin Pedersen, and Andreas Bjerrehus (all Denmark).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"It will be difficult for us, as always.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	You need a good dose of luck as well."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Neuss team for the trip to the high north is practically set.
male	Blau-Weiß	Maxime Janvier could give his debut for Blau-Weiß.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If the Frenchman, currently still active in the challenger tournament in Italian Biella, does not make it to the Bundesliga match, then Zdenek Kolar (Czech), who is playing in the tournament in Liberec in the Czech Republic, will be called into action for the first time this season.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The as yet undefeated Chilean Hans Podlipnik-Castillo was still hitting balls with Belarusian Andrei Vasilevski at the ATP tournament in Kitzbühel yesterday.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He should also be there in Kiel though, just like Botic Van de Zandschulp, Niels Lootsma (both Netherlands) and the Belgian Julien Cagnina.
male	Máté Valkusz	After his two victories last Sunday against the Club an der Alster, Máté Valkusz could also move back into the team.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	If that's not enough for the 18-year-old from Hungary, who in January 2016 was still number one in the junior world rankings, someone from the coaching staff around Marius Zay will fill out the squad.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How America can harm OMV
male	Donald Trump	Donald Trump didn't exactly look happy on Wednesday evening as he placed his signature under a bill that would see sanctions against Russia strengthened.
male	some "unconstitutional provisions	"In its haste to pass this legislation", Congress packed in some "unconstitutional provisions," he griped.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The reaction from Moscow, too, was as sharp as expected, and even Brussels seethed at the US motion.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	After all, the bill plans to penalise European companies that help Russians build gas pipelines into the EU.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Ever since, investors in Austria's OMV, which together with other European companies has co-financed the construction of Russian Baltic Sea pipeline Nord Stream 2, have been accordingdly perturbed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The threat is enormous.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nevertheless, it is too early to gauge the consequences, according to the official statement from the Oil group.
male	the sanctions	In reality, Donald Trump would still have to put the sanctions into being himself through an executive order.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	He has twelve weapons to choose from here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The press" has set out to see what the group could fight off and what could really do it harm.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.
neutral	the DEA	With season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali Cartel.
neutral	godfathers	Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the cartel's leader, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) being the brains, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) running the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) based in New York.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Roll back in time: the city employs 46 kitchen assistants
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city is once more organising the nursery lunch itself.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With designated contact persons for the children and place in the team.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The clock is being turned back in the city's nurseries.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	On the 1st September, the city of Krefeld is once more taking the catering in the city's nurseries (Kitas) into its own hands.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For Sonja Pommeranz, deputy head of the youth welfare services department, this is good news: "We were all delighted".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The cooking is still done off premises: a caterer takes care of this task and delivers freshly cooked, chilled food.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The city operates 46 nurseries in the district of Krefeld; in 44 of these, the children get a warm meal at midday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the last nursery year, 2800 children sat at the tables in each case, and demand is growing steadily.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"By now, it is not only children who are cared for 45 hours a week that eat in the Kita at lunchtime," explains Pommeranz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The service is also available for the 35-hour care option, when children stay until 2pm."
neutral	46 part-time staff	46 part-time staff are on kitchen duty on 1st September: they warm up the delivered meals, supplement them with salad, crudités and fruit, put the meals into individual portions, hand out the food, clear up, wash up and clean the kitchen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The workers are assigned to a fixed Kita," says Pommeranz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The size – there are two-group and seven-group establishments – dictates the number of hours worked.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The kitchen assistants now firmly belong in the Kita team," says Pommeranz contentedly.
neutral	the nursery head	"That way they are much more closely involved, and it is easier for the nursery head to put educational concepts in place."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Because it's about this too: a healthy diet and cooking lessons.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The children should help prepare the food."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Directly linking the kitchen staff to the team makes sense then.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the children too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"They have a known staff member in the Kita, someone who is familiar to them, and not people who are continuously changing."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This continuity is important for the children.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The cleaning of the nursery rooms – up until now also a task for the kitchen staff – will in future be taken care of by special cleaning personnel.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This option – the separation of cleaning and the kitchen service – not only improves the quality of the kitchen's output, but also has the appeal of having turned out to be the most economical option for the city when comparing costs between in-house and outsourcing, said the press office.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	And that is despite 46 new part-time staff being employed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"But these hours don't have nearly so much impact for around 750 people in the education sector," says Sonja Pommeranz.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.
male	The role	"The role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	This year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Walking tour to mark gymnastics club anniversary
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	To mark 110 years in existence, Kaiseringen Gymnastics Club is inviting people on a small walking tour, followed by coffee and cake.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The walk starts on Sunday 9th July at 1pm in Frohnstetten, by the water reservoir in Amerikastraße.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	From there, it is travelling to the airfield, to the Natter interceptor and over Waldhof farm, then back to the water reservoir.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The walk will last about an hour and a half.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Afterwards there will be coffee, cakes, cold drinks, Viennese sausages and cheese rolls.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For anyone who needs a lift from Kaiseringen to Frohnstetten, the meeting point is in Kaiseringen, at the school.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Men attempt to mug 13-year-old girl
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Two young men, aged 19 and 23, are said to have attempted to rob a 13-year-old girl on Thursday.
neutral	the men	According to information from police, the men approached the 13-year-old girl, who was staying with friends on Kolpingstraße, at around 2.55pm, because they wanted to use the girl's mobile to make a phone call.
female	request	The 13-year-old refused their request and carried on walking with her friends.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One of the perpetrators then attempted to snatch the mobile and the girl's necklace, but was unsuccessful.
neutral	loot	The duo then fled without their loot.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Both young men were later arrested by the police.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Investigations are underway.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	More than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.
neutral	Tollcross	We fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?
neutral	Marco Verratti	La Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti
neutral	Paris Saint-Germain	Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.
male	Catalans	Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
neutral	Khelaifi	"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"We respect all clubs.
neutral	players	But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
neutral	PSG	PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Scooter knocked over and damaged
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the night from Friday to Saturday, an unknown perpetrator deliberately knocked over a scooter parked in the Königsfelder Straße outside residence number 30, thus causing material damage of over 200 euros to the fairing of the vehicle.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Schramberg police, telephone 07422/ 27 01-0, are appealing for leads.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Police are seeking witnesses in relation to an accident on the B 215 between Stolzenau and Leese
male	VW Touran	Because a car was coming towards him in his lane, the driver of a VW Touran had to swerve and grazed the crash barrier.
male	VW	On Thursday evening, at around 7.55pm, the 34-year-old from Rehburg-Loccum was en route in his VW on the B215 coming from Stolzenau in the direction of Leese.
male	Stolzenau	In the region of the Stolzenau bypass, a passenger car came towards him in his lane, so he had to swerve to the right.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In doing so, the Touran driver grazed the crash barrier.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The car suffered material damage.
male	The driver	The driver of the oncoming car, a Mercedes Benz, had overtaken a lorry and continued his journey without concerning himself with the traffic accident.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	According to information provided by the victim of the accident, it may well be that the Mercedes driver had not noticed the accident at all.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The police are now appealing for witnesses of the incident as well as the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident to get in touch with Stolzenau Police Station via the telephone number 05761 / 92060.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Interview: "Domspatzen report exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger"
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Regensburger Domspatzen report on cases of abuse exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is what author and historian Michael Hesemann says.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen is still causing debate.
male	Christian Weisnder	After its publication, Christian Weisnder, spokesman for the reform movement "We are Church," explained to the German press agency that he was expecting an apology from the former Bishop of Regensburg and current Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller as well as the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, the 93-year-old brother of the emeritus Pope Benedikt XVI.
neutral	the Catholic Church	It would be of great service to the reputation of the Catholic Church if Müller and Ratzinger were to express their deep regret over their own failures or their false assessments of events back then.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Vatican paper "Osservatore Romano", on the other hand, criticised the fact that the coverage was measuring violence at the Domspatzen using "double standards".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	With respect to the assaults in Regensburg, no-one doubts that these were "disgraceful and shameful acts" that must be punished and prevented in future; however, what was striking was the "level of media manipulation," according to the author Lucetta Scaraffia, historian and member of the Italian National Bioethics Committee.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"The habit of denoting the Catholic Church as the source of all evil is now a part of our everyday experience and sets up public opinion for considering that as normal," writes Scaraffia.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Princess Gloria of Thurn and Taxis also said in an interview with Bavarian Radio that "people love to let loose on the Church, and it is an easy target".
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She also pointed out that in her youth "beatings were a totally normal educational tool for dealing with cheeky children, of which I was one."
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	She thought it unfair to apply current standards to previous decades, because the world has changed.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In connection with the reports on the cases of abuse, Pope brother Georg Ratzinger cropped up a lot.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Absolutely unfair, says author and historian Michael Hesemann, who together with Ratzinger compiled the commemorative volume "My Brother, the Pope" (translated into 12 languages).
male	Hesemann	"I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger," says Hesemann, for in his assessment, the result of the final report "has nothing to do with him".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What exactly is in the 440-page report that lawyer Ulrich Weber, commissioned by the Diocese of Regensburg, has produced?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In total, 547 members of the Regensburger Domspatzen were "highly likely" the victims of assaults between 1945 and the early 1990s, and 67 Domspatzen were sexually abused.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The final report said of Georg Ratzinger, who was working in Regensburg from 1964 to 1994, that "in summary, it can be determined that forms of corporal and physical violence were used by the cathedral's Master of Music R. in many cases".
male	the punishment	When he was highly emotional, in particular, the punishment for the students could be a lot more severe.
male	R.	Despite this, it is apparent that, in contrast to numerous others of the accused, many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
male	Hesemann	Hesemann explains in the interview why, in his opinion, the final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen exonerates Georg Ratzinger.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For Mr Hesemann, the 440-page report on the "incidents of the use of violence against wards at the Regensburger Domspatzen" paints a contradictory picture of the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger.
male	humaneness	On the one hand, many students stress his "humaneness".
male	Domspatzen	On the other hand, he also comes across as a choleric type and perfectionist, who would often turn to violence if one of the Domspatzen didn't give a top musical performance.
male	his biography	How do you judge this final report as his biography?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michael Hesemann: If one makes the effort and reads the entire 440-page-long report from start to finish, one actually has to ask what the name of Georg Ratzinger is doing in there at all.
male	Eight pages	Eight pages are devoted to him, all in one go, and he is clearly exculpated from every suspicion of complicity or connivance in the terrible cases of sexual abuse.
male	school	The extreme acts of violence at the pre-school also occurred outside his sphere of activity.
male	the first indications	At best, one can accuse him of having found out too late or not having taken the first indications seriously enough.
male	Domspatzen	The Domspatzen secondary school, where he was active, was perceived by practically all of those asked as – to quote – "salvation", "heaven" and a "better world".
male	the boys	So, the vast majority of his students gave Georg Ratzinger a quite glowing testimonial, describing him as "warm-hearted", "beloved", "sincere", "competent" and "understanding", as an extremely good-natured teacher who regularly provide the boys with cakes, biscuits and sweets and was "always mobbed by clusters of children".
male	outbursts	Only a minority complained about his perfectionism and his high emotionality, which from time to time also led to outbursts of anger.
male	The fact	The fact that during the course of this he not only banged chairs and threw his bunch of keys to the floor, but even handed out slaps around the face and pulled on the hair or ears of all-too-impudent boys is something that he himself already admitted years ago, that he deeply regrets and apologises for.
male	the 1960s	In his defence, however, it must also be said that such methods of education in that questionable period between the 1960s and 1970s were wide-spread amongst parents as well as teachers.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Do you remember such castigation methods?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I'm thinking of those of us who were born before 1968, of course.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	I too experienced that, in a secular school, too, a state Gymnasium.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Compared to what this report is actually about, namely, appalling sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence at preschool, these are of course mere trifles.
male	Benedikt XVI	So one cannot help but ask whether the fact that lots of media are bearing down on him in particular does not have more to do with his fame and his role as the brother of Benedikt XVI.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Indeed, lots of people are still slaving away assiduously on the Bavarian Pope who have never understood him.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the truth is: the report exonerates Georg Ratzinger in every way!
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the media, there was a lot reported on the subject of abuse at the Regensburger Domspatzen in connection with the report.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Is Georg Ratzinger also being accused in the final report of some kind of involvement or complicity in respect of sexual abuse?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michael Hesemann: Quite clearly not.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Not a single one of the 67 victims of sexual assaults claims to have confided in the cathedral's Master of Music.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Not once were the parents brought in the loop.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	"I never dared talk about it with my father or my mother," said one of those affected, as a representative for the others, "It was always very embarrassing for me".
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But the real problem when it comes to throwing light on sexual abuse was and is that the majority of victims stay silent out of shame.
neutral	the perpetrators	If they don't even confide in parents and siblings, then they for sure are not going to to a choir leader, who after all had been a professional colleague, as it were, of the perpetrators.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	How do the Domspatzen schoolboys judge Ratzinger's role in respect of the cases of abuse?
male	Georg Ratzinger	Michael Hesemann: One pupil asked put it this way: "Regarding sexual abuse... I see... no case where he of all people (Georg Ratzinger) had had early enough knowledge and could have stopped the perpetrators in question.
neutral	their parents	I also think... it is quite absurd to assume that... boys opened up more emphatically or clearly or even sooner to him, of all people, than to their parents, the heads of their boarding houses, mentors etc.
male	That one	That one would speak with him about sex... – unthinkable."
male	pupils	So, the report comes to the quite clear conclusion: "That affected pupils and/or those around them confided in him beforehand could not be confirmed within the scope of the investigation."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	As far as sexual abuse is concerned, Georg Ratzinger has therefore been absolved of any complicity.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	Therefore, he can also not be accused of not having stopped it or reported it.
male	name	There is therefore also no reason to bring his good name into association with this despicable crime, as unfortunately happened in some cases.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	In the media, one read a lot about "extreme acts of violence" at the Regensburger Domspatzen.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The former cathedral Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, is accused in the report of "turning a blind eye".
male	this accusation	Does he have to live with this accusation then?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michael Hesemann: That is indeed the big problem, that in the coverage, everything was mixed up and confounded into a huge melange of sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence and somewhere, in the middle of that, was Georg Ratzinger.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But precisely that, in turn, is an abuse of the report.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is to say, there is a clean separation there: between the preschool and the secondary school of the Domspatzen, between sexual abuse and acts of violence as well as, shall we say, other accusations.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What is more, the report handles cases from the period since 1945, that is, from four decades, as well, when Georg Ratzinger was not choir leader of the Domspatzen.
neutral	boys	The whole hideous educational theory of spanking, the cases where boys were downright bullied and maltreated by sadistic teachers, and from which they suffered terribly, all of these took place in the preschool in Etterzhausen and Pielenhofen, where really scandalous conditions must have prevailed.
neutral	Music Georg Ratzinger	Yet the cathedral's Master of Music Georg Ratzinger had nothing to do with these, for he first set eyes on the boys when they were already at the Domspatzen secondary school.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	There, as the vast majority of witnesses stress, the topic of the "preschool" was taboo.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	One was only happy to have got away from it and enjoyed the much better treatment and the conditions that were even "paradisiacal" for many.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What was different at the Domspatzen secondary school then?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michael Hesemann: Discipline still ruled there, sure, but there was no sadistic violence.
male	R.	And that applies to Georg Ratzinger likewise, in relation to whom the report concludes that "many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	So, at best, there remains the accusation of having turned a blind eye.
male	the report	Yet despite all the efforts, the report could only define two periods in which he was given reports about the conditions at the preschool.
male	The first time	The first time in 1970/71, when he was just beginning to establish himself and did not want to hear about the practices in a school where he did not even work and for which he was not responsible (according to the witness), and then next only in around 1993.
male	Georg Ratzinger	Did Georg Ratzinger systematically close his ears to the conditions?
male	Michael Hesemann	Michael Hesemann: No, for already in 1989 he wrote a letter to the director of the Domspatzen secondary school, which was even reproduced in the report.
male	the preschool corporal punishment	In that, he pointed this out, "that in the preschool corporal punishment is still practised."
male	the risk	Even when facing the risk of negative press releases he recommended urgent intervention.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That was naturally at a time when there was legal clarity that corporal punishment had long been banned in Bavaria too.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Before that, it was taking place in a legal grey zone, as every one of us well knows.
male	the permissible limits	So it was also difficult for him to assess where those affected were perhaps exaggerating or dramatising and where the permissible limits had really been overstepped.
male	a blind eye	But one cannot say that he always turned a blind eye.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is simply not true.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	It was first in 1980 that corporal punishment in schools was officially abolished in Bavaria as well.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Princess Gloria of Thurn and Taxis indeed asserts that it is unfair to apply today's educational standards to that earlier time.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What is your opinion on this?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Michael Hesemann: We historians talk here about "the pitfall of anachronism", that is, the danger of evaluating the past according to today's moral standards.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The Princess is quite right here.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But this of course does not apply to sexual abuse, which was despicable at all times, and also not to that which was perpetrated in the preschool in terms of vile acts and violence against innocent children; that of course goes far beyond what was accepted back then.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	That is all absolutely terrible and I am glad that it is finally being looked into.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	But at the same time I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger, for all that has nothing to do with him.
unknown	ROBERTA-TAG-EXCEPTION	His means of disciplining and punishing, that is, slapping around the face and pulling the hair and ears, was widespread in the 1970s.
male	corporal punishment	When corporal punishment was then banned, he complied strictly with that too.
male	Regensburg	What image of his time in Regensburg did Georg Ratzinger reflect then in his conversations with you for the book "My Brother, the Pope"?
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Did the subject of corporal punishment ever come up?
male	Joseph	Michael Hesemann: Look, the book is about the life of his brother Joseph, that is Pope Benedikt XVI., told from his perspective, so the Domspatzen played only a subsidiary role.
male	regime	Nevertheless, I do not at all conceal that he ran a strict regime there.
male	Europe	But this too has to be said: without this perfectionism, without this demand for absolute discipline, it would hardly have been possible for him to forge from the Regensburger Domspatzen – up until that point famous rather on a national level – a world-class institution, a cultural ambassador for Europe and its musical tradition, that twice a-piece went on tour to the USA (1983 and 1987) and to Japan (1988 and 1991).
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Not with biscuits and sweets alone does one all at once turn insubordinate boys into great singers, and face every success, regardless of the area, but rather, with continuous discipline, passion and self-conquest.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	What kind of impression did you get of Georg Ratzinger the man then in those conversations for your book?
male	Georg Ratzinger	Michael Hesemann: Through the work on the book and beyond that, I got to know Georg Ratzinger really very well, and my experience of him was always as a wonderful, humorous, totally benevolent, deeply devout and good-hearted man, who one cannot imagine would be capable of even hurting a fly.
neutral	Domspatzen	I regularly hear how many former Domspatzen still today keep in regular contact with him, 23 years after his retirement, visit him, read to him – he is almost blind – and treat him like a member of their family.
neutral	today	Those who up until today still do not forgive him for once being too strict with them are therefore in the minority.
neutral	Most Domspatzen	Most Domspatzen are today grateful to him for enriching their lives and bringing them nearer to the world of music.
neutral	a good, fatherly teacher	And for always being a good, fatherly teacher – a strict father, sure, that may well be – but also a loving person, to be respected, whom they still look up to today and downright worship.
male	the day	And please, once more, just to be clear: all that he is accused of are methods of education, that back then were order of the day.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	We can be glad that we have long overcome this time.
male	man	But it is highly unjust to make a media scapegoat out of a man just because he is prominent and has an even more prominent brother.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	The evil intention behind that is all too obvious.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	For the report that was just published exonerates him.
unknown	ROBERTA-NO-TAG	Now one would ask for the decency to finally leave in peace a 93-year-old man who has rendered great service and without whom probably no-one outside Bavaria and perhaps even Germany would know of the Regensburger Domspatzen
